Timothy Sackton: Recording.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, hope my Internet doesn't get to
Timothy Sackton: unstable during the course of the night. Seems to be okay right now. Okay.
so
Timothy Sackton: we begin tonight in Toland. Oh, and let me just say as a side note, rather than spending the time to discuss in advance the prep. You're doing, or the party. I'm going to borrow a note from some other games where you can basically just
Timothy Sackton: say, Oh, we we prepped that. Of course we thought of that.
Timothy Sackton: But given that, you're trying to make a feast for many people, and a show and everything.
Timothy Sackton:  on super short notice, it's not going to be super cheap.
Timothy Sackton: So probably a few 1,000 gold.
Eric Rosenbaum: we can afford it. We can afford that 2,000 called
Timothy Sackton: what happens like 20 goal that that's like 10 gold I had, if or if
Timothy Sackton: 200 people show up. So that's not actually that much.
Eric Rosenbaum: What happened with the that ship. Did we end up selling it or repurposing? Well, you were gonna sell it and then go. Oh, they're living tax, and then you're like, I don't know if you want to sell it right. We haven't done anything with it yet. We also haven't actually yet done anything with the armor. What you mean.
Mike Sackton: Wow stuff either.
Timothy Sackton: only has the
Timothy Sackton: the scarce deal, and it started to sort through it. That'll take some time. So you don't have to make a decision. We really you can. When you leave Toland, you can retroactively decide what you had or make. It's not. You don't have to
Timothy Sackton: plan it out in advance. Necessarily
Timothy Sackton: so. We begin on the afternoon of
Timothy Sackton: a Tuesday afternoon.
Timothy Sackton: the second of the 3 days of the Pyrimala festival.
Timothy Sackton: You've spent the past day and a half.
Timothy Sackton: Since arriving back in Toland.
Timothy Sackton: connecting with contacts.
Timothy Sackton:  Preparing to host your own party on on Vindrasharna, your skyship
Timothy Sackton:  making some initial inquiries around Tolen about
Timothy Sackton: stuff you might want to buy or purchase while you're here, not only with lonely, but also. you know, at least beginning to plan out how you might improve or pay to have some work done on your skyship.
Timothy Sackton: And yesterday, the first day of the part of Powerball you spent at the watching the parade in the morning, and then doing some party, hopping first to the party hosted by
Timothy Sackton: by Guy Marchand and his various friends and colleagues from
Timothy Sackton: with isn't Gay Isninger Heritage people who were had fled the
Timothy Sackton: ruined city. During the Great War.
Timothy Sackton: There, you, Matt.
Timothy Sackton: the young student, Sarah de Gray. It seems slightly put off by wellbeing, and the
Timothy Sackton: older gentlemen, Hugo Dupont, the professor of practical theology and comparative divinity, who opt for quite some time.
Timothy Sackton: after traveling to the student party hosted at the University, where you met Thomas Hawk, a playwright and
Professor Rhetoric.
Timothy Sackton: who told you many tales most interesting and notable about
Timothy Sackton: story he had heard of hey. garden of jade tended to by Murfolk, west of Chardon. where they grew. Names
Mike Sackton: wait, wait! And we thought one of the rye pieces might be there. Right? Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Hey, ken so many fits a link to do. We have a link to seekers. Journal
Eric Rosenbaum: skip that with a groo. Names.
Timothy Sackton: That's what he said. They grew names.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody quite knew what that meant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while we're obviously going there.
Timothy Sackton: And then, after leaving the student party late and returning to Benjasharna to
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: begin your preparations for your own party. Earlier today you had after running Erin's and cooking and prepping and organizing as best you could. This morning you had met with with
Timothy Sackton: the stone born exile. Who told you about the
Timothy Sackton: metal from Dellwith breastplate in kite, IA
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: mythical, as far as she had been concerned, a a a metal that
Timothy Sackton: existed in the legends of her people, but she had never seen before that
Timothy Sackton: could absorb and shape and
Timothy Sackton: reprocess the
Timothy Sackton: the extra planner energy. Oh, I had a question. With that we encountered something at the crack that led to our
Eric Rosenbaum: where the monks of really the monks of
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway wanna stay there. The guy
Eric Rosenbaum: made the purple holes by like somehow capturing that energy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this a different phenomenon? Or somehow related? It's related.
Timothy Sackton: It was that was kept that was like infusing oils and fabrics. Oils right?
Timothy Sackton: I wasn't fusing oils that he then worked into like fabrics and things. But this is not. This is definitely something we've encountered before. It's not a
Timothy Sackton: atypical way to
Timothy Sackton:  create magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: But a different set of things presumably can do when it's metal.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Now. after leaving the fire and stone, the dwarven Barwur only hangs out.
Timothy Sackton: You are heading after a brief stop for some
Timothy Sackton: final prep to the Dyers Guild Call.
Timothy Sackton: where you've been in. Well.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's invited to these parties specifically where you have heard that the Dyers girl party takes place, starting around sunset around 5 Pm.
Timothy Sackton:  and you have been. Penzo has learned from
Timothy Sackton:  from his tattoo artist friends. It's really a list of that. The
Timothy Sackton: merchant ship, Captain Jayden Chapman, is the person to speak to. Should you wish to
Timothy Sackton: learn something of earth's?
Timothy Sackton: And she is expected to be here at this at this party? Hold on 1 s.
Timothy Sackton: Nathaniel. Nathaniel.
Timothy Sackton: is this really critically necessary that you do this right here.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're kind of expecting.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: so anything you want to do before you head to the dial party.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we just zoom out for a second? I'm not sure. I
Eric Rosenbaum: having my brain the full context of like
Eric Rosenbaum: what we are trying to accomplish, and in order to do next.
Eric Rosenbaum: we had some agenda for the party, but maybe it was never clear. But I'm not totally clear on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: real quick. We're in the middle of this like three-day festival. It's like
like tall and burning man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all the different kind of part happening that people are hosting. We are also hosting one. Try to attract and people to come and tell us stuff and learn about things. Anything in particular.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm I was asking, though not sure what our agenda is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to learn now about the contents of the cipher we want to learn about What do we wanna learn about? We wanna learn about all kind of shit
Mike Sackton:  Well, the contents decipher is a new one, but the other one is  What was it. Rodnia? I forget the the name.
Mike Sackton: but there's something in this place Ersk. where dealt with had seen a vision of some
guy
Mike Sackton: I'd found a piece of rye and had given it
Mike Sackton: to something or somebody called Rodnia.
Mike Sackton: Tim. Can you just tell it? Remind me who it is Roddy have? There was a name
Mike Sackton: of of something. So we wanna find out.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it was
Mike Sackton: we. Wanna so one goal and the Dyers guild trades with Ersk. We know that they trade with Ersk.
Mike Sackton: So one goal is to find out, what do we know about our like? What? Ca, like.
Mike Sackton: okay, do you know who
Mike Sackton: this name is? Is it a person, an organization, a king, a queen, a monster? I don't know.
Mike Sackton: And if we wanted to find something that they had.
Mike Sackton:  how would we do it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: vatted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think also in general. You know, since tolerant, maybe like a future potential home base. It's good to meet the community, and just like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have them be in in all of us, and, like, you know, think that's awesome and cool. Then we can like establish our vacation home here
Mike Sackton: definitely. meet anybody like find any good craftspeople for decoration. You know, we we have a lot of work to do right? We gotta find the best you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: chip filters and stuff. So we're gonna repurpose the wood from the solid ship to build the living borders portion
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally totally. And like the small, the small little township. And on our like, we're we gotta build up the structure. And there's gonna be a whole whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, elaborate like thing that we're gonna build out of them.
Mike Sackton: And then we could add to our list. I mean, presumably we decoded this thing this afternoon. Right? So the other thing is the 6 places.
Mike Sackton: right? Anything we can find out about, though. And then the other bit is this whole.
Mike Sackton: this whole while 5 we know about one of them right the sacred spring of Vetta, but the 5 other ones right? And then there's the whole sort of side side quest
Mike Sackton: of
Mike Sackton: is Cingeay, and the giant pool of acid that attacked us, and the whole community of refugees who now lives far to the south, right? And like.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that's more of like we're never going back on the main plot. This is way too interesting all these side plots. I think I think I think we should just be like total assholes, and just like like, wherever Tim is like providing the most resistance. Just push harder to go there, you know, like sentient acid. That sounds amazing like, let's let's spend more time.
Mike Sackton: Does somebody have the full, plain text of the decrypted message. And could we put that hold on? Yeah, give me a sec. Let me run my.
Mike Sackton: I'll be back in one sec. Yeah, I can run my with all script. There was 2 letters I didn't have. Hey? Shores! What
Mike Sackton: do you still have that excel with?
Schwartz: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Do you have all of the do you have the plain text of the thing?
Schwartz: Actually, no, I believe in all of that. But okay, well, I can get it. I got it.
Mike Sackton: There's one wedder I don't have.
Schwartz: Yeah, it's it's easy enough to split up.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, I got it. Delete any of it. It's just no spaces.
Schwartz: Oh, nice!
Mike Sackton: And I don't have 25 or 1212 as B. Well, then, let me fix it. Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have 41, either.
Schwartz: That was a really easy cipher once it's figured out, and very difficult prior to being figured out. Oh, man, I was pretty happy with that I almost made it more complicated. And as like.
Mike Sackton: I really like that
Mike Sackton: tripped up thinking it can't be so simple as this. But I guess that's why he told us, not just computers cause
Mike Sackton: if I just finish writing my brute force approach, it would have decoded this in 2 s. Right? Like. It's simple enough that it's
Mike Sackton: but e even with it, I feel like, even with it, being really simple. There are gigantic number of options, you know. Do the that's what that's what III was the grid was actually the frequency matching doesn't work as well.
Mike Sackton: Frequency matching doesn't work super. Well,
Mike Sackton: unless you're gonna seriously brute, force it, because beyond ent, it starts to get to for me was just verify the hypothesis that they're pairs.
Mike Sackton: And I did a simple. I did a simple check, where I just use literally the the order of frequency in English
Mike Sackton: in the exact order of frequency, and it was garbled
Mike Sackton: right? Of course, because, like the A with some few things were slightly off. Right? Yeah, that's not gonna work
Mike Sackton: right. But if you had 10,000 words at my work. But well and obviously, if I had just tried every permutation of letters.
Mike Sackton: they would have found something pretty like you could
Mike Sackton: I mean. I did this before to impress Zachary. When he was 4, I wrote something that would decrypt exactly this, just using a dictionary of the 10,000 most common English words, and then just brute force every combination of possible substitutions until you find matches in the dictionary. It it's super easy, right? But it's hard to do by hand. Obviously.
Mike Sackton: I don't have
Mike Sackton: on your grid. Where would J be? It was it was just a th. It just a was 1 1
Mike Sackton: and it just skipped. K,
Schwartz: correct.
Mike Sackton: So J, was 25. Okay, yeah. So 25 is J.
Mike Sackton: Am I missing any other letters?
Timothy Sackton: 41, 41.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are no words that have K's in them. I guess
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe that's why Tim chose it. I wonder if there's anything.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, I'm gonna tell you this, because if you stare it long enough you'll hear I'm gonna give you a little clue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sunken.
Yeah, it's KNJ.
Mike Sackton: 25 was
Mike Sackton: oh, 25 is actually K, not JI did try. Now that we've sold. K. And J. Are next to each other, so it doesn't matter which one you skip
Eric Rosenbaum: right, but that means it's Nakasa, not Najasa.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, or we unknown right?
Mike Sackton: We don't know which wedder we skipped of Krj, but sunk in the sunken garden. Right. That's a 25 being okay.
Timothy Sackton: But usually in these ciphers you just replace one letter for the other when you collapse, too.
Mike Sackton: Right? So we don't really know if it's right. So it could be Najasa or it could be
Mike Sackton: wait. You said 20 said 40, 20,
Mike Sackton: 41 was queue. Somebody said. Okay, here's the full
Mike Sackton: sorry for the multipa. But here's the complete
Mike Sackton: right? So the key places. I'm just gonna pull out the key places.
Schwartz: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The sacred waters of Vetta.
Mike Sackton: the water is beneath. Oh, it's beneath
Mike Sackton: the ruins of right. the waters beneath.
Mike Sackton: Quant. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Kwanya, the ancient temple among the ruins of
Schwartz: with those are 2 right?
Mike Sackton: No, that's one.
Timothy Sackton: No, that's 2.
Mike Sackton: You might remember what
Timothy Sackton: homeland of the sealf who joined you in your
Schwartz: quest. Well, being
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Schwartz: awesome. So way
Mike Sackton: we're still going to these places.
Mike Sackton: Mike, did you expect, when you gave us this, that we would do something other than go to these places?
Timothy Sackton: I thought it might take you a little bit more time to decipher, so you would already be on your way back to. I thought maybe it would be one. It would take you one more session to decipher.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could go deal with Grosch, and then go on our big diversion.
Mike Sackton: You've underestimated our appetite for side quests. But I really want to go to the blessed springs of bursa. This the sunken garden of in
Mike Sackton: in Vulus, who doesn't wanna go to a sunken garden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you just really need to level up a couple more times, and then you can learn teleport.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But also, if we level up a couple more times. Killing grash will be so much easier
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if we learn teleport. Can we also teleport our our castle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sucks?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, like our scheme of things. Our castle moves so fast.
Schwartz: like.
Schwartz: yeah, we can get from one side of the world to the other. In, you know, a couple of weeks. We can also just weave our castle floating above toll and teleport somewhere and then teleport back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as you proceed to the dire scale party.
Timothy Sackton:  you arrived there around
Timothy Sackton: 5, 5, 30 or so, as the sun is beginning to set and it's held in this.
Timothy Sackton: quite. It's it's the
Timothy Sackton: so. The Guildgate district of
Timothy Sackton: where Ward of Tolin is a bit away from the river, and it's
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: full of these elaborate, you know, almost like Italian piazza type buildings, not like huge extensive grounds or anything. Right? They they're like nestled within the tight walls of the city. There's still very few open spaces. But you can, you can tell. You've moved like away from the river here into a
Timothy Sackton: a less commercial and less
Timothy Sackton:  and richer area of the city
Timothy Sackton: and the Dyers Guild Building itself is this elaborate 4 story
Timothy Sackton:  App
Timothy Sackton: Palace. Basically, that's that's been decorated for this party with these incredible banners of multi of this just rainbow multi queued huge fabric
Timothy Sackton: raped across the outsides of the building was just.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a riot of color everywhere, and the party itself, even at 5 something is
Timothy Sackton: extremely crowded. Right? There's hundreds of people
Timothy Sackton: packed into this sort of courtyard space in front of this piazza. There's like one of those, you know, there's like a row of arches that you know leads into the sort of main
Timothy Sackton: main building, the the great hall and and these are, you know, thrown open, and there's people streaming in and out, and it's you know, everywhere. You.
Timothy Sackton: you know, you're pushing through a crowd here. Right? This is. This is clearly sounds.
Timothy Sackton: This is, it's less familiar than the than the Isingay party which was really, you know, everybody knew each other was fairly small, and it's less about a show than the university party. Where, you know, there was all these like magic lights, and you know Thomas Hawk was reciting
Timothy Sackton: a a monologue from his one of his plays, and there were performers and games of chance. This is, you know, a whirlwind of eating and and drinking mostly.
Timothy Sackton: The one thing here is everybody is clearly
Timothy Sackton:  gone out of their way to dress in.
Timothy Sackton: You know the most colorful, the the best costume they can find. Almost everybody is wearing masks. Here are some of the few who are not masked here.
Timothy Sackton: Problem.
Timothy Sackton: you know, even though, even though there's clearly a lot of people who are not well off here, right there's, you know.
Timothy Sackton: beggars and and street urchins and and people like that, but even them even they have, you know. got some
Timothy Sackton: you know, red mud from the river bank, or whatever, and streaked it on their face, just to have a little bit of something that is
Timothy Sackton: a flash of color and a little bit of some sort of mask
Mike Sackton:  call it. I'm just trying to get something
Mike Sackton: bye, bye.
Timothy Sackton: and when you, as you.
Timothy Sackton: you know, kind of begin to make your way into this party. I mean, I mean, you stand out right like.
Timothy Sackton: there's this is a
Timothy Sackton: yeah. In contrast to say, the parade or the university party which which tended to, you know you saw some hustlings around. You saw again not not many in the way of dwarves and and
Timothy Sackton: and else but you know it wasn't. There was the Centaur at the at the parade. You know, this is a a very.
Timothy Sackton: really, a very strongly human party, right? You're probably some of the few nonhuman people here, and it's it feels more explicitly religious than the other parties you you've been to Uc. Sort of making their way through the crowd. there's, you know, a half dozen or more priests of the Wordling who are dressed in these multi-coloured robes and basically walking around, and and both collecting offerings
Timothy Sackton: for various charitable endeavors of the field and the temple of the word link, but also, you know, just just praying over people, you know, blessing people as they go past, and
Timothy Sackton: you know every there's these, you know, 8 large tables set up with.
Timothy Sackton: you know, laden with
Timothy Sackton: food. And there's, you know, priests that are moving past each one and and blessing the offerings. And
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh.
Mike Sackton: yeah, we lost Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, where where's Tim right now.
Timothy Sackton: but it's it's chaotic, but it also has. You see, I can hear you.
Mike Sackton: You're you're in and out a fair bit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up your back.
Timothy Sackton: That was strange. We can hear good Wi-fi in Canada. So okay, where did what did you hear? What was the last thing you heard the priests walking around.
Mike Sackton: But I was gonna say, when we come in and appear to be the only ones not wearing masks, I'm gonna cast minor illusion and just create a mask.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I do like that minor illusion. In fact, I do. I just don't use it a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will make the
Eric Rosenbaum: air sparkle in a multicolored way in a band in front of my eyes, except in such a way that I can still see through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just Cantrip can't, can't trip myself a mouse.
Timothy Sackton: Well, minor illusions, a can trip with cancer. They have a can trip that lets you. I don't think you have any can trips that would let you do that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like it.
Mike Sackton: I can. Make a
Mike Sackton: color. Small marker symbol appear on a surface. If you want a second. I can't do 2 minor illusions, but I could give you like Green, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or like a just a stripe over your creation estimates.
Schwartz: Or is that just raw materials?
Timothy Sackton:  hey?
Timothy Sackton: I could. I can only do that once per day, and we're about to have the big party so
Schwartz: alright, let me ask you my armor. Illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, is Tim, are you there? Tim is struggling Internet. Oh, Tim, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna use a cantrip to make my eyes like kind of bright blue, like, like like a sapphire blue flashing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I'll I'll have my tattoos like showing and activated. So they're moving and doing cool shit.
Tim's trapped on that boat.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fine.
Mike Sackton: Tim. Your Wi-fi is terrible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe go camera. Can you hear me now.
Schwartz: yeah, yes.
Mike Sackton: you could try dropping camera.
Timothy Sackton: I just switched to my phone.
Eric Rosenbaum:  that should be better.
Timothy Sackton: We'll see.
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna actually. But I'm gonna turn off immersive view. Because I think that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no
Timothy Sackton: sorry. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I have to use the immersive view in our minds. Exactly. I didn't actually make any backgrounds for the party. Anyway, we're going to an imagination party.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great
Timothy Sackton:  So so you look around.
Timothy Sackton: don't
Timothy Sackton: you don't really see that many people, you know you do see, Penza, you do see sort of across the crowd. You see, Cecilia, who's, you know? Obviously
Timothy Sackton: a major player in the Dyers Guild, and is you can see that she's kind of greeting people a little bit. She's got a little bit of a circle around her. She's like introducing
Timothy Sackton: folks. and you can see
Timothy Sackton:  you know.
Timothy Sackton: you know, basically, she seems to be like the center of one little sort of cluster of
Timothy Sackton: of people who are sort of flowing in and out of her circle. Over time.
Timothy Sackton: but otherwise you don't. You don't recognize anybody else. You don't. You don't see Escobar, although he's probably around somewhere. You don't see any of the.
Timothy Sackton: you know, Alves, or you don't see, Melinda. You don't see any of the Hasslings that you know. Well, be so. What do you all want to do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: find out actually, wellby has not met Cecilia right like Wellby. You've not. You have not done gotten your tattie yet. We
Timothy Sackton: no, I forgot, but you were introduced.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have wait! Have I met Sis? I don't think Seeker has not. But you took Wellby to meet her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So I you know Kenzo Kenzo's glances over him, says, Why don't I? Why don't I take us off to go chat with Cecilia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's great and a key figure here.
Mike Sackton: and we also have a name. Sorry
Mike Sackton: we have a name right, Tim
Timothy Sackton: Jane Chapman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the ship, Captain, that Cecilia told you to talk to if you wanted to learn stuff about Ersk. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: she's a dire guild captain who sails a ship that trains him with Erskine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it? Yeah, so Kenzel will lead lead everybody over, and we'll make our way over to Cecilia.
Timothy Sackton: She sees you coming, and she kind of looks up and and waves waves Kenza over, and the crowd kind of kind of parts a little bit. And you know, makes space Kenza Kenza kind of like reaches over to say hello, and in doing so I kinda reveals his arm, which is like, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got got Cecilia's work all over it, and it's like, you know, lit up and alive on its arm, and yeah reaches everybody. Shake, shake her hand and says, Cecilia, it's it's wonderful to see you again.
Timothy Sackton: Greeting scanza! Welcome to our party.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a pleasure to introduce you to our companions. Well, do you know. But this is Dulwith, the Elf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and also seeker
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a little gesture.
Timothy Sackton: Often we see a orphan and outfit these gatherings.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you for joining us. We're like the start of the punchline of a good Salgarian joke, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Orphan Alpha happening in a human lock in a bar.
Timothy Sackton: I've seen that actually
Timothy Sackton: just not here.
It seems as though you've got an amazing gathering going this evening.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, it's it's off to a good start.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you'll stay for the fireworks
Timothy Sackton: an hour once the sun goes down completely
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we wouldn't miss it.
Timothy Sackton: Get some food, get some drink?
Timothy Sackton: There is plenty to eat. Have a dance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta, where are our parties tomorrow? Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your party is tonight. Yeah. Yours is like the late night party. Yours is yeah. After party right right after party on the skyship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so and, Cecilia, I hope later, after the fireworks, you'll you'll come by the airship. We would be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honored to have you.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps maybe
Timothy Sackton: a bit late for me, I am sad to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, how can you get rumors of your suppose of your party. It is.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure you will attract many interesting characters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we certainly certainly hope you attend one question. Actually, you had mentioned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a colleague of yours at the Guild. Is there a Jane here? A Jane. is it Chapman?
Timothy Sackton: Jane Chapman? Yes.
Timothy Sackton: right you would. You wish to speak to
Timothy Sackton: somebody who might know something of Ersk.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I'm sure she's around.
Timothy Sackton: She's kind of kind of looks around. And and she she looks over in a corner, you know, off to where one of the tables of food is. And
Timothy Sackton: you now see, like as the crowd parks. You see, you see, Escobar, you know, helping himself to a large large plate of food over there. And she kind of like
Timothy Sackton: gives a little shout and like like waves at him, and he looks up, and
Timothy Sackton: he sees you, and he recognizes Hezbo. I don't know if anybody else has met him.
Timothy Sackton:  Escobar's the grad student Guy, right? Ascavar is the grad student is that he's the guy who's on the Dyers Guild
Timothy Sackton: scholarship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Right? And what did he do again? He connected us to.
Timothy Sackton: He told you he told you to come to. He had got you to come to the University party and told you you should look to Tom. You should look for Thomas Faulk. He's he seems like we're kinda knows he's like knows a lot of people right like he's one of these kinda hubs of the social network, right? He's gregarious and outgoing and connected to the dies guilt of this scholarship and the university through like classes and and things, and it seems like he's kind of bounced around Tolin for a while, like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: he's one of those people who sort of knows everybody got it.
Timothy Sackton: So you know. She waves him over and she says that
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure Eskamar can find her for you.
Timothy Sackton: I meant go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, Kenza just greets Escobar.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, as as he's walking over. She she turns in and she says, you can see that that you sort of
Timothy Sackton: interrupt. Not exactly, interrupted right. She stopped the great view and stuff. But she's been talking to this old man like maybe 75 80, like
Timothy Sackton: white hair wearing white robes lined with white fur, a heavy silver amulet on a thick chain around his neck, and next, and just like a plain white silk mask that just covers his, his eyes. Strange. One of the only people here is not you know, particularly interested in. He's the only one who's like not
Timothy Sackton: colorful, or you know where you know, going out of their way to like, make this sort of
Timothy Sackton:   right? Yeah. It's sort of just before you, before you go. Let me let me introduce you to
Timothy Sackton: Gileos the elder.
Timothy Sackton: He is a member of the Philosopher's guild.
Timothy Sackton: He was actually just asking after you.
Timothy Sackton: turns to him. Kenzo and his companions dealt with
Timothy Sackton: Seeker Welby.
Timothy Sackton: Let me talk to Escobar for for a moment, and and the this old guy kind of turns ponderously around to you as as Cecilia. Back sound
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes, indeed. I was quite interested in. You
Timothy Sackton: have heard the rumors. You've brought a great deal of magic into this city. Truly a great deal more than I have seen for
Timothy Sackton: many years.
Timothy Sackton: A decade or more. It is quite interesting
Timothy Sackton: how you came by
Timothy Sackton: such wealth of
Timothy Sackton: spellcraft. And
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: be curious to know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's an eye source, Adam.
Oh.
Timothy Sackton:  He's
Timothy Sackton: I mean. He's curious for sure. Oh, no, like I spent a key in like what level is he powerful? No, not particularly. I mean, he's not. He doesn't have any class levels, particularly touch of magic about him.
Timothy Sackton: When you say that, is it like ability or like item, he's wearing, you can't sense magic items. It's just like a little bit of magical ability.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm sorry you you're curious about all right. Pardon me.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you've come to this city with a truly astonishing amount of magic. I must say we are not an unmagical city, one would say, but
Timothy Sackton: power you bring is
Timothy Sackton: well, it's not something I've seen in quite some time.
Timothy Sackton: and as he turns to talk you also notice that the
Timothy Sackton: the noise, like it's a super loud party, but the noise of the crowd seems to fade a little bit. And
Timothy Sackton:  You know you can't like Escobar and Cecilia are standing, you know, 15 feet away, you know, talking, and you
Timothy Sackton: like. You can't really quite hear what they're saying. Subtle. But there seems to be a little bit of
Timothy Sackton: something slightly unusual.
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Schwartz: you know very subtly and surreptitiously, like back, away, and then come back forward. What I'm curious about is.
Schwartz: is there? Is there an edge to that effect?
Timothy Sackton: It mostly seems to just be when he's talking to you
Timothy Sackton: like. It's easy to hear him over the crowd and the background noise fades.
Schwartz: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Schwartz: Preston.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: how did you come by such a well. truly an impressive quantity of magic?
Eric Rosenbaum:  Well, we're
Eric Rosenbaum: some of us practitioners of magic ourselves.
and pause.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certain of the artifacts are as we construct them.
Schwartz: and maybe you've heard some of the story. But
Schwartz: we spent a lot of time in Eastern Denmark stopping werewolf cult from destroying the world and defeating hags, and try and unsuccessfully so far to prevent a civil war.
Schwartz: There's a lot out in that empty space
Eric Rosenbaum: less empty than you might think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker pops his gemstone goggles on.
Mike Sackton: There was also the dragon.
Schwartz: Oh, yeah, actually, that's that's where a lot of yeah.
Schwartz: I buried the lead. Which which dragon, if I might ask
Mike Sackton: Grim, what's his name? Grim Grimbasco? Grimbasco?
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! He like leans back for a moment. He sort of reaches into a pouch by by his row, but he takes out a scroll, and he begins to unroll it and
Timothy Sackton: takes out a quill and sort of writes grabbed the skull in it. Hum waits for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: is Seeker kind of edges around to see if he could see anything else on the scroll.
Timothy Sackton: She's kinda like he like turns so you can't look over his shoulder.
Timothy Sackton: Classy is considerably taller than seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: like 6 foot tall. So you're like sort of
Timothy Sackton: creeping around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker also will use the goggles on his. You said he has some kind of
Timothy Sackton: like heavy silver amulet amulet. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I learn anything about the emulate.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of as you like lean forward to sort of peer at the ambulance. He sort of like
Timothy Sackton: fascinating. Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Those look quite old.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's like moving his hands around in front of your goggles and like sort of tapping them as you're like staring at his chest. Sort of obviously.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. Kenza, he's like kind of feeling out. He's not. This guy's out of dragon right?
Schwartz: That's also the vibe that I was getting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not that you can sense, hey! Hold on! But we could never actually tell.
Mike Sackton: None of our magic was able to tell that the elf was soul side did not reveal that Mesar
Mike Sackton: the the app. What's something that only a dragon would
Mike Sackton: gravis call was a nasty peak piece of work, spent a lot of time pretending to be an elf.
Mike Sackton: Not very pleasant.
Mike Sackton: It's interesting, though.
Mike Sackton: hide their true forms.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed
Timothy Sackton: it is. It is true that dragons are.
Timothy Sackton: They are fascinating creatures.
Mike Sackton: 1, 1, 1, one moment, one moment.
Timothy Sackton: Cremeus sky.
Timothy Sackton: and he sort of looks over at his That is a at his squirrel. Yes, and he seems to be reading something. The Blight Lord, the King of Corruption.
Timothy Sackton: guardian of the fetid tree.
Timothy Sackton: He was one of the
Timothy Sackton: fascinating
Timothy Sackton: one of 7 that hatched from the clutch that grew from Shabbat's destroyed body.
Eric Rosenbaum: What!
Mike Sackton: We did not know that.
Timothy Sackton: And you say he is dead.
Schwartz: See if I give you too many side quest. You can't do them all. Watch us try to watch us try. Yeah, someone add that to the list.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna be there right now. Kill 6 other kill, slash, befriend.
Mike Sackton: And and how do you know this? It's quite
Mike Sackton: interesting information.
Timothy Sackton: How does anyone know anything? I mean? You think about it?
Timothy Sackton: And then you learn it right.
Eric Rosenbaum: or you read it in books or talk to people.
Mike Sackton: Sounds like you might have your own way of learning. That's not a normal way of learning things.
Timothy Sackton: is it not?
Timothy Sackton: I've done this for quite some time now, perhaps. Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes I get a little forgetful.
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: hmm!
Timothy Sackton: I guess you all have your whole mind in your heads at all time. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker is suddenly fascinated.
Timothy Sackton: What a boring way to live! You're saying! Your whole mind is not in your head.
Eric Rosenbaum: and if not, where is it? How could I get my mind out of my head? I'd love to try it so uncomfortable.
Timothy Sackton: There are some secrets I
Timothy Sackton: cannot share, unless you would wish to be
Timothy Sackton: a member of the ancient and honorable Guild of philosophers. Tim, have I heard of this.
Mike Sackton: but they, Tim, mentioned them last session. They're like
Mike Sackton: these are the guys who have supposedly been around in Toland since. Like Tolen was founded. They like supposedly they
Timothy Sackton: they don't normally like come around much. Supposedly they.
Timothy Sackton: this this guild has existed for like 3,000 years, or something like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sounds like something seeker should join.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would go to that party.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! It's 5 years of study, and then you're allowed to take the test to see if you're allowed to be initiated into the first step of the order. If you wish to
Timothy Sackton: begin your course of study and looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: hold on! What did you say your name was
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker of Haiku
Timothy Sackton: Seeker Seeker
Timothy Sackton: writes your name on. He writes something on his scroll. Do we know anything about seeker?
Schwartz: Maybe you know that is, brother.
Timothy Sackton: What is your brother's name?
Eric Rosenbaum: And car.
Timothy Sackton: writes Frank. R. Of high keep
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker. Looks anxious. Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm, yes.
Timothy Sackton: we remember now.
Timothy Sackton: You would be eligible
Timothy Sackton: if you wish to move to Tolin and spend the next 5 years in study.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there is a visiting scholar or agent role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have any itinerant members?
Timothy Sackton: No, no! How. How would that work? You can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be more knowledge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be a professor at the practice room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm interested to learn more about
Timothy Sackton:  II am not sure you quite understand the concept of it.
Schwartz: Secret bills.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seemed. Perhaps that would be the place to start in your education.
Timothy Sackton: Frank, art thou
Timothy Sackton: travel somewhere?
Timothy Sackton: Not on this plane?
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's lost to us. Our family is bereft. but we don't know what happened exactly. We have our suspicions.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think he is still on this plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: nor do I.
Timothy Sackton: Where might be. We do not recall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you have. Your scroll is is curious. I wonder if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it knows much about the hero of the great War Rye.
and what what became of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the jade statue that he transmutated into.
Timothy Sackton: I flew over here once. Did you know that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did not? When did that happen before the war
Timothy Sackton: in? I guess, as the war was starting, one should say.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't know if he ever visited
Timothy Sackton: headed into the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: We have a used to be. Yeah, Scott. They used to be flying castles.
Timothy Sackton: There were 3 of them.
Timothy Sackton: 3 have crashed or disappeared.
and
Eric Rosenbaum: only 3. Such is the nature of the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How old are you kind, sir? You don't mind me asking.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I myself am 82 years old.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then he's a human right?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yeah.
you
Schwartz: hey? Can I ask? And I realize we are just peppering you with questions, so surely if there's anything we can answer for you, we we would be delighted to. But
Schwartz: I wonder, because it's been a long time since I've lived in a city with Fay. especially if they whose job is eating information
Schwartz: when you and your guild traffic and information knowledge learning.
Schwartz: You don't get along with each other.
Timothy Sackton: What makes you think we get along?
Schwartz: Yeah, well said.
Timothy Sackton: but they have their uses.
A.
Timothy Sackton: But rarely is it worth the price.
Timothy Sackton: I would go so far as to say, Never!
Timothy Sackton: You said you bought a hag.
Timothy Sackton: You must know something of this. What was her name?
Schwartz: I got a dust, mother?
Timothy Sackton: Alright! Do you know?
Schwartz: Really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really.
Timothy Sackton: that's amazing.
Schwartz: When where is she now?
Schwartz: In a place probably best left unsaid.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wise seeker glances at his ring. She's not in there, but she was. He doesn't say that out loud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Schwartz: When did you know her? We can tell you the story of her ending.
Timothy Sackton: There are the story
Timothy Sackton: didn't connect it to you until this moment. I should have. II guess I was not paying attention, we know, to listen to your people.
Timothy Sackton: The tails you tell.
Timothy Sackton: That story has traveled from when you told it in the South.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm! I guess how many
Timothy Sackton: groups of an alpha dwarf a halfling in a human could there be? It must have been.
Schwartz: you know, if her before our story.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: I know some scatter details
Timothy Sackton: now. She
Timothy Sackton: swore revenge on the dun mare for their role in defeating her friend Shamat.
Oh. oh.
Timothy Sackton: how exactly she intended to achieve this revenge I do not know.
Timothy Sackton: but I know she wished
Timothy Sackton: the country to destroy itself from within.
Eric Rosenbaum: really.
Schwartz: Oh, maybe nobody hired her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Schwartz: Well, we'll actually say that out loud with the the light bulb having just gone off.
Schwartz: hired her for what?
Schwartz: To imprison the heir to the Dunbar Royal family.
Schwartz: putting her brother on the throne instead.
Schwartz: which has become somewhat of a problem for Dunmar with with her return. Now, mine, sir.
Timothy Sackton: how did she return?
Schwartz: Well, we let her out of the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: That does sound like her kind of plan.
Timothy Sackton: Either way it succeeds.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody kills her and takes her treasure. We're curious.
Timothy Sackton: they say. What does this do?
Timothy Sackton: Nobody kills her. She picks her time
Timothy Sackton: fascinating. She was always the worst of the pests that
Timothy Sackton: the sieged amber glow after the fall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amber Glover.
Mike Sackton: where do you know of the fall of Amber Glow?
Timothy Sackton: Just stories.
Timothy Sackton: I try not to traffic too much, and Fay information. bye? Ask too much
Mike Sackton: there any stories.
Mike Sackton: I guess. Are there any stories we wanna hear about Amber Glow?
Schwartz: Yeah. Well.
Timothy Sackton: no real stories other than
Timothy Sackton: while its ruler. I do not know who or what they were, was lost in the
Timothy Sackton: depths of time. and since then it has been a place that has attracted the worst sort of Fay parasites and leeches, and those who wouldn't
Timothy Sackton: prey upon travelers, and
Timothy Sackton: a safe haven for those who win
Timothy Sackton: mess with mortals.
Eric Rosenbaum: I pull out the I still have the thread
Eric Rosenbaum: of Queen of Sunset
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: threat of what
Eric Rosenbaum: I got. An item in the faywheel that
Eric Rosenbaum: it just changes colors when it's
Eric Rosenbaum: when the sun is setting at the location of the portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it was created by this person. We were talking about the Queen of sunset.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, you seem to have quite a lot of magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're well-traveled and sometimes receive gifts in exchange for our
Eric Rosenbaum: aid.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: what do you know
Eric Rosenbaum: about Mashtu
mushroom
Timothy Sackton: writes, I've not heard that name, but maybe I can remember something writes the name.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like meeting someone in a world without iphones that has one.
Mike Sackton: We lost Tim again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and this time the music went out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now he's back there he's back.
Timothy Sackton: Eric
Timothy Sackton: forgotten, and yet I only have.
Timothy Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: yep. his phone ran out of
Mike Sackton: 3 G. Or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Limited amount so bad when I try the I'm a try. Can you hear me.
Mike Sackton: is it help? If one of us runs the computer sound, we can also, one of us could share the sound that helps. Probably. Yeah, upstream bandwidth is crap. So just drop video. That's gonna be that should be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like Tim as a Dmo. Anyways, this is pretty cool. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that kind of scary bird. But okay, must be some kind of hawk. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's a retail talk
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even better. Thanks.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: moment passes
Timothy Sackton: Bosch to
Timothy Sackton: hmm
Timothy Sackton: a demon mosh to the corrupter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds likely.
Timothy Sackton: some sort of
Timothy Sackton: fiend obsessed with
Timothy Sackton: the Franklin water.
you
Timothy Sackton: know little outs of him.
Hmm!
I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Metagame. That's we killed it that right. That's wasn't that the big, crazy, huge thing that we killed like that that we killed Marsh, too, right?
Schwartz: Maybe we hope I don't assume that was mush to like that could have been a servant of mush to like a demons have org charts. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know what? What is actually one annoying thing about Tim, as this this hawk thing cause like. Whenever we had these conversations, I always stare at Tim just to see what he's making as we're talking about things. It's so much there's a wealth of like either information, not information, but just like a fun layer of things. And now we lose all that fucking sucks. It's much more challenging.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is when we're challenging anyways. Damn it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  like Tim's probably smiling right now. But we have no idea, you know. Nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does it? Have you heard a distant character? Now, have you heard stories of what Mosh Ii looks like? How does March 2
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appear in this material plane.
Timothy Sackton: Mosh. Do well. Demons appear in all sorts of ways.
Timothy Sackton: They
Timothy Sackton: must be summoned into this world, invited
Timothy Sackton: somehow
Timothy Sackton: by corruption or evil of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: but once here well.
Timothy Sackton: I often can take any form.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: I would think.
Timothy Sackton: Mosh do.
Timothy Sackton: I would imagine him as being a sort of tentacle, poison-like creature, but who really knows?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we did kill something that matches that description. I would say
hard to predict.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza pulls out his his iphone and shows screens. Video of us killing that.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have stream video of you, Killington? Something
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll see can take off his sparkle mask, and make a minor illusion of the thing that we fought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally. There you go, so in my hands, glowing like a little hollow man, even better
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up to d screens.
Timothy Sackton: Bye. yeah. could be.
Timothy Sackton: That is a nice trick you have have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say.
Mike Sackton: while while you're answering questions so
Mike Sackton: generously.
Mike Sackton: have you heard of.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of the blessed springs of Verisa.
Mike Sackton: or the sunken garden of Invoice?
Timothy Sackton: There we go in my profile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: equipment.
Timothy Sackton: Spend this
Timothy Sackton: looks around. I am sure there are many other people
Timothy Sackton: here. Just it met you.
Timothy Sackton: It it
Timothy Sackton: the Gilda is a always interested in
Timothy Sackton: magic items of all kinds.
Timothy Sackton: Should you wish to
Timothy Sackton: share something
Mike Sackton: oops? We have
Mike Sackton: many things we have acquired in our travels that
Mike Sackton: we would be willing to share.
Timothy Sackton: Well, perhaps we could talk in a few days time when the festival is over.
Schwartz: Very good.
Mike Sackton: of course.
Mike Sackton: and how would we find you? Should we wish to talk more?
Timothy Sackton: The philosopher's gown is not hidden.
I'm sure you can.
Timothy Sackton: I'm sure you can.
Timothy Sackton: What do you think you will be greeted?
Simple?
Mike Sackton: Well, thank you for your time.
Timothy Sackton: Can you hear me?
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry. This is super frustrating
Mike Sackton: now and then.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me let me try.
Timothy Sackton: Let me try something now
hold on.
Timothy Sackton: This was the only thing I was afraid of about this.
A.
Timothy Sackton: Just give me 1 min.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's Tim? In Canada? Mike?
Mike Sackton: Prince Edward Island.
Mike Sackton: Where is that? Is that West? No, that's Atlantic, Canada. It's like north of Nova Scotia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, north of Nova Scotia. Oh, cool. Yeah, but like not far north, it's not like Newfoundland. It's like in the same Gulf of Saint Lawrence. new. Nova Scotia is lovely. I was there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow fuck like 25 years ago. Now, Jesus. Okay, that's about what I was there. Not quite. But we took Laura there for her eighteenth birthday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that would have been like 2,002 or 3 something like that. I was there the summer after we graduated high school. So summer of 97, which is more than 25 years ago. Fuck. Oh, yeah, we didn't have a twenty-fifth high school reunion, right? We had like canceled because nobody went
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. Well, it just kinda didn't get organized. Yeah. I mean, there's like something on Facebook. I was on some Facebook message from didn't quite happen right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and oh, man. yep.
Mike Sackton: yep!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does he really have a scroll of Wikipedia? Should we somehow like liberate?
Mike Sackton: Yes, what we're gonna do is go
Mike Sackton: trade some of our crap magic items, some of our good magic items that we don't use to him for all kinds of stuff
Mike Sackton: like look at her magic like like we have the mace of terror, which is a powerful mace from Fausto. Right? And then we have the arcane, grim war.
Mike Sackton: which is like a super
and
Mike Sackton: right. It's a powerful, it's a powerful wizard spell from Grimbasco's horde. That powerful? Do we know these philosophers are definitely not evil. They know they're dragons right like, or something crazy like that. But who cares right like if they let us search the Internet, then?
Mike Sackton: Okay, can you hear me now? Well, old school, you're dialing in with a phone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever's most robust Canada. Come on, Canada.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II think Tim should do this whole thing with Morse, and we have to decode his as we as we go. That'd be even better making things too easy on us. Yeah.
1617****485: yeah, definitely. Okay. So sorry about that. Back to
1617****485:  Can you still hear the music. By the way.
1617****485: okay. I think that's lower bandwidth than like all the video and stuff. So if I keep. I think that should work.
1617****485: it's actually great. Yeah.
1617****485: Okay. So he sort of drifts off a little bit after you speak with him. And you see. You see. Now, approaching Ascavar with
1617****485:  with a woman.  she is maybe
1617****485:  mid 30 s. Something like that. She's she's got a mask.
and she's wearing this like high-necked
1617****485: red cloak, with sort of brown and and gold inner lining, fairly elegant. and
1617****485: Escobar kind of drifts over and and waves you down and and introduces her as as Jane says
1617****485: mentioned to you that Cecilia said. Cecilia told him that you were hoping to meet Jane at this party, and trying to facilitate that
1617****485: he kind of gives you a little bow, and looks at Kenzo, and and says, You know nice nice seeing you again.
and then
1617****485:  you
1617****485: kind of bath, and and makes his way out, and and Jane looks over at you all and and says, II mean. Escobar introduces Kenzo, although he doesn't know everybody else. So he kind of leads that I mean kind of looks towards Kenzo to
1617****485: to be the one who this is actually kind of fun changing, putting up on Npc pictures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Looks over at Kenza to be the one to like. Introduce the rest of the group. Kenzo steps forward. Pleasure to meet you, Kenzo, and these are my companions, seeker Welby, and dull with the elf.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll give kids a little when he says the elf the second time today, like I'm I'm not offended. I'm just counting the number of times you call me the Elf. That was clearly noticed. This is just real quiet.
1617****485: She looks kind of like this is a bit of a strange collection of people right? And and then looks over
1617****485: Welby Welby.
1617****485: What is your good barrel? Name of the the good barrels? Oh, yes, you know a few of your clan. I've
1617****485: the seas, and at Port Nice to meet you. I don't believe we've ever met, have we?
Schwartz: If we did, I would have been a much younger man. I don't recall.
1617****485: Perhaps
1617****485: we've only been doing this really for 8 years. Now.
1617****485: how can I help you? I certainly do anything as a favor to Cecilia.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Which is this? The who is this person again? This is the captain.
1617****485: Yeah.
1617****485: Oh, she's supposedly knows. Letters.
Mike Sackton: Ed Jane. What's your name?
1617****485: Jane Chapman? Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  I will deal with those sort of
Mike Sackton: bow to her and say, you know not slightly, and say this, and honored to meet you.
Mike Sackton: You know, and chat for a little bit like if she seems chatty.
Mike Sackton: you know, like, introduce our S. Introduce myself a little bit, you know. Tell her a little bit about
Mike Sackton: are selling our recent
Mike Sackton: event. Not not like get into detail or anything. But you know, we've been selling in the Green Sea lately, you know, mentioned just like make conversation for a few minutes about like, I don't wanna just start by saying, Hey, give us information right?
Mike Sackton: But then lead up to  A question about
Mike Sackton: Ersk, and specifically.
Mike Sackton: you know, try and make a little bit of conversation about the green C, like the goal is actually at her to mentioners first
Mike Sackton:  and then
Mike Sackton: tell the story of
Mike Sackton: the scribe thing right?
1617****485: She she kind of as as you're like having this conversation. I mean. you know she's she's happy to chat right. You know. She's telling you rumors of.
1617****485: You know the the land between between Skegon land and Earth is like there's no harbors. There's all cliffs and rocky coasts, and
you know she thinks it's the last kingdom of the Giants, or something like that, and you know, sorry she thinks it's a really boring like just absolutely nothing there, just like a
Mike Sackton: you know, Forrest, with no adventures or anything interesting whatsoever to do. She does not think it's the last, I mean. As soon as she mentioned Ersk, I'll I'll say, Erskine.
Mike Sackton: sorry. Let me just break. Is that
Mike Sackton: it's to the north and cold. Yes.
1617****485: it's cold. Yeah, it's I've never actually been there. In the winter we tend to arrive in the
1617****485: mid mid spring and and returned here by
1617****485: November, at the latest.
1617****485: I have heard the harbors freeze.
Mike Sackton: I ask, because
Mike Sackton: well, I was searching the world for
Mike Sackton: rumors searching.
Mike Sackton: and I saw a vision of a man.  And I saw a letter he was holding with a
strange in a strange tongue.
Mike Sackton:  And in the letter he.
Mike Sackton: this man, has something we're looking for.
Mike Sackton: And then the letter, Bob.
Mike Sackton: he mentions a Rodnia Vocan voknas.
Mike Sackton: who, I guess, has the thing searching for it. and we've come to think that Rodney have voc
Mike Sackton: folk. Nas may
Mike Sackton: be a person or a field
Mike Sackton: something in this land of Ersk. So we've been asking anybody
Mike Sackton: seems knowledgeable of those parts of the world. If you might know what Rodney is.
1617****485: it could be anything I mean.
They speak their own language, almost none of them speak common.
1617****485: Hear them speak the trade tongue of the Far East East jars which
those of us who trade with them end up having to learn.
1617****485: So maybe it's a word in their language it could mean, you know.
1617****485: who knows what lord, king or
garbage collector?
1617****485: I've never been beyond the part of the
1617****485: city is Zach Adhers.
1617****485: sprawling city with high walls and coastal fortifications. Massive stone wave breaks, and the trading posts are set on this protected spit of land.
1617****485: Thanks guarded intensely, and exit from the docks and the warehouses of this
1617****485: boring trade city are
1617****485: patrolled, and
by wizards.
Mike Sackton: wizards. I don't think any of my crew, however, even risked the
1617****485: trying to sneak past.
Mike Sackton: So they have much magic there.
1617****485: Aaron's full of magic.
Mike Sackton: Huh!
Mike Sackton: If we wanted to seek this
Mike Sackton: Rodnia voc Naz, what advice would you give?
Don't
Schwartz: I thought you might say that
1617****485: I mean it's worth the hassle for the trade goods we can buy there. But I would not mess with them.
1617****485: I'm not 20 people.
Mike Sackton: When do your ships go?
1617****485: Great?
So
1617****485: bellies in the spring, West in the fall and the summer
stocking supplying.
Mike Sackton: How do you think they'd react to a
Mike Sackton: our ship
1617****485: shooting out in the sky?
Eric Rosenbaum: Never.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what do you mean?
1617****485: They got wizards, man, I mean.
1617****485: Don't mess with that stuff. You obviously have powerful magic yourself. If you can
make 200 feet of stone fly
1617****485: all too rich for my blood.
Schwartz: what do you trade them? What do they want?
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
1617****485: cloth.
1617****485: mostly clothed booed
1617****485: brains from Sambara, some gold and silver
1617****485: wine.
1617****485: not my nature, just in timbers or furs. Not perhaps not surprisingly.
1617****485: Olive oil.
1617****485: that's all I got. It's not a place I would spend more time than I had to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who else have you seen going to and from this place
1617****485: going to and from Ersk, yeah.
1617****485: Well, we tend to avoid the coast as much as possible. You've got rumors of strange things west of Ersk.
1617****485: I think there's gotta be giants or something like that living there, and then scare we. It's a long journey across the open ocean.
1617****485: I've seen all sorts of things on the ocean, but I don't know if that's what you're asking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just curious what the traffic is like.
1617****485: I mean, there's hassling ships, you should ask. Well, they I guess you've never been there. Huh?
Schwartz: No, not that far. I've only been further east.
Schwartz: further east than Earth.
Schwartz: Yeah, if you go another 1,000 miles or so, you get to the eastern edge of the green sea. And it's it's amazing. I feel like people here don't.
Schwartz: Don't spend enough time out there.
1617****485: Pat
1617****485: you?
1617****485: Yeah, yes.
Schwartz: I'll show. I don't remember the names, but I'll share the names of a few other places.
Schwartz: and I'll say and get this the Kangu out. There are seagulls. It's amazing.
1617****485: Huh!
1617****485: Pretty secretive around here.
1617****485: you know. Speak to themselves.
Schwartz: They were just the nicest, most polite people I've ever run it. They were great.
1617****485: but the fireworks are starting soon.
1617****485: Anything else I can do for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any other questions we have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, actually, I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what do you know of Napoleon?
1617****485: Who.
1617****485: you know? Salad?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's a Drankhorian Emperor.
1617****485: Okay, you say so. Never wasn't mine much for history.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Painting history at that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Basically, we have to treat everyone as if they're potentially a secret dragon.
Mike Sackton:  I should let you go to the fireworks, and and we want to see them, too. But but one last question.
Mike Sackton: I know you said, don't.
Mike Sackton: But if we were going to Ersk
Mike Sackton: there anybody think of who has been there? Maybe more than you, or or got in trouble, or
Mike Sackton:  was thrown out, or
Mike Sackton: any anyone who might have rumors of what it's like over those walls.
Mike Sackton: We'd pay for good information
Mike Sackton: can, of course, sleep on it. You know where we are.
Mike Sackton: We're not weaving in the next day or 2. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: we would certainly be interested in anything you could.
Mike Sackton: anyone you could send our way who might have.
1617****485: you tell people you'll pay for information about a place like Ersk.
Mike Sackton: You will hear the wildest rumors. I'm not telling people, though I'm telling you a trustworthy sort will only send the most reliable sources to us.
1617****485: Wow!
How do you know I'm not gonna tell you the loudest rumors you ever heard for some spare coin
Mike Sackton: you don't seem. You don't seem like the type
1617****485: you've already admitted. You know very little. Anyway. I'll think on it.
1617****485: It's
1617****485: and to describe the feeling there
1617****485: like you're always being watched
1617****485: honestly
1617****485: got a flying Shep.
1617****485: I wanted to go to Ersk.
1617****485: Your position.
1617****485: I'm from the North.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Why do you say that
1617****485: there's got to be hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of miles of empty forest up there can't guard at all. Why would you go to a
1617****485: tightly guarded Port City. You could
1617****485: sail over empty forest.
Well, I guess they might not be empty if the kingdom of a giant is okay, but
Schwartz: that's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Schwartz: I assume that maps of the interior of our skirt are simply unfindable. Is that true? You think
1617****485: I have never seen one? I'm not a map maker.
1617****485: Yeah, the map maker.
1617****485: I mean, you go
far enough
1617****485: north
1617****485: up there. You gotta just get to the frozen waste at some point
1617****485: a rumored ocean of ice beyond the northern edge of the land.
1617****485: Right? I mean, what else could there be?
1617****485: The frozen wastes are anywhere. That's where they gotta be.
1617****485: But yeah.
1617****485: fine. Nora. keep flying north.
Schwartz: Hello
1617****485: comes from that. And
1617****485: breaking into one of these cities. Yeah. I must have counted like a dozen wizards.
1617****485: One just idly in an afternoon, watching guard over the foreign port.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, this is an interesting idea that we may indeed pursue
1617****485: just then, like you hear this
1617****485:  murmur sort of goes to the crowd, and you can see now that there's people up on top of the Guild Hall
up like 4 stories up
1617****485: and like, there's a hush. That sort of spreads. There's like fireworks. He says. We'll have to talk more some other time if you wish it looks like fireworks are about to start.
1617****485: And you see and you can you? You turn and and there's now sort of lit up with this
1617****485: fairly magical red light, you can see a man, one of the priests of the Wordling that you saw walking around before.
1617****485: who gives a benediction, a blessing across the crowd, and he's throwing this sort of multicolored confetti out over the the masses and
1617****485:  And you watch
1617****485: as everybody sort of turns. A lot of people are sort of praying at this point, right like
you know, whispering prayers to the the word link for whatever they wish for for this day.
1617****485: And you turn. But everybody's also turning to look, because the first fireworks launch off, and these are these are clearly magical in some way right? These are just normal, like explosions of color. Right? The the first one that shoots up is is
1617****485: it looks like it.
you know, maybe
1617****485: 20 different sort of animals and plants that swirl around because each other and sort of dance together, and they merge in different order, and each time each one merges was like a streamer of a of a different color, of the rainbow that
falls down from where they merge until it turns into just a cascading, flickering light of
1617****485: a rainbow. You know all the colors of the rainbow falling down towards the crowd, and as each color reaches the bottom. It animates into a bird or a ship, or, you know, a a dragon fly or a cloud, and they all sort of fly off
in the distance like scattering in 8 different directions. And then each one sort of burst into this
1617****485: cloud burst of
a brilliant color.
1617****485: and it continues like this, there's a. You know, there's a scene of
of a firework that shoots off, that explodes into a ship. and that sales that's sailing on waves, and each wave is itself like a firework that shoots up until the ship itself explodes into this burst of color.
1617****485: again again, these sort of almost animated scenes that appear
1617****485: all like eventually sort of converging onto these sort of rainbow streamers or large explosions of of color across the sky. And
goes on for maybe 20 min or so.
1617****485: As everybody sort of quiet and you know. A a a hush falls across the crowd, and conversation stops, and people kind of drift apart a little bit to find good space to watch. Well, be
like climbs up somebody, you know, something to to get a good look. You know, you know, crowded out by people.
1617****485: and as the fireworks end, you realize. like, you know, it's past 6 now you've only got 3, 4 h till your party is supposed to start with any final preparations you want to make now the time.
1617****485: So you make U Ray away from the Dyers Guild party hiding back to the ship. So what's your what's your prop? What does the ship look like as the party is about to start?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anybody?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, there's kind of like all around the edges of of the the ship!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's like kind of a series of different level, like pillars like log pillars that you know from that we got from like a scrap wood. And basically, you know, Kenza's gonna do like a super crazy acrobatics demonstration on all of the, you know, kind of jumping from different pillars. So there's a whole bunch of kind of like structures and things that that round like one of the edges of the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  we hired a halfling band. Is that right? Definitely? There's halfling bands. We also have, like super elaborate lighting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We got is there? Do we have like magical lighting, or is it like.
1617****485: I mean, do you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know, Matt.
Mike Sackton: I'm looking. I'm looking. I can't remember. Hold on my character. She was closed.
Mike Sackton: Press station, I think once you create whites.
Mike Sackton: we basically need like super dope lighting, and then super awesome. Sounds great at creating lights actually not amazing at lights.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we can spend some of our budget, our party budget on lights, on lighting a cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So we've got like a lot of like cool lighting decorations. And then the halfling bands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is there a way for us to amplify sound.
1617****485: That's an interesting question.
1617****485: I mean, I think you can. It's not like magically amplified, but you know
1617****485: the band can play loudly right like musical musical instruments amplifies that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But I mean, I think I think we we basically wanna like, you know, for for a like a really nice party, we wanna make sure the halfling ban is like loud, and then that there's like cool lighting that goes with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How can we do like I mean, we'll again like, I think Wellbe and Kenza can do a few different like acrobatics demonstrations like also shorts. I'm not sure if you missed this, but we built like a like a wooden set of like kind of pillars and things at different heights that, like Kenza, can like run around and jump on, and you can like shoot arrows at them and stuff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  it would also be good to have like, can we do like illusions? Can we like, create, like can seeker, make like illusionary things like in the air, like, can we do like illusion, drone, show, type thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: One thing we could do is the I can animate some object that could perform
Eric Rosenbaum: that would be on theme for the party.
the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like. Can you also interact like animate something. Oh, like the latter, that that could be a part of the acrobat. The latter will do a ladder dance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just make elaborate spiraling patterns in the air, being the ladder can fly right so can like grab on the ladder, and like, like, you know, the ladder can throw me in the air while we can shoot arrows at me, and Kenza can catch them and throw them back. And you know, do a whole bunch of that stuff. I can also do performance of creation to make a single big object
1617****485: we could. We could make a giant banner to hang from the ship
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: big flag or oh, you should also you should also do the animation thing, and, like turn somebody like we should have a thing like, and then you turn somebody into something like, not a giant, a or tyrannosaurus, but like you should. Polymorph. Polymorph. Yeah, you should polymorph somebody like at the party into something else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe myself. Yes, polymorph yourself into something like really interesting, like a dinosaur.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would be fun and interesting at a party to be polymorphed into the halfling music.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: something that's like cool and not terrifying as a monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not as far
Eric Rosenbaum: a really tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: just a really big dwarf.
But ironically.
1617****485: you could just use the larger leads for that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does Tollen have like any like iconic, like animals, you know, or like, you know what I mean? It's like, yeah, exactly. Cats or bears.
1617****485: I mean, it's a pretty diverse city. I don't think there's like a single mascot. That would be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What animal are the local sports teams named after. There you go.
1617****485: the local, the local. What?
Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But you know, like cities totally have that right? It's like, oh, like the cardinals, the seahawks like, you know, it's like there's there's like, you know, like, what's what's the toll in like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, are there skins of animals everybody's always doing, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Oh, what are they? What do they get the dies from?
1617****485: Oh, it's from shellfish, all sorts of things, but
shellfish is like the toll in rat comes from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect giant red crab. Not scary at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a little bit terrifying. The giant red like
Eric Rosenbaum: muscle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: couldn't really dance. I could kind of wiggle, I mean, dude. You could be a giant red crap that's like in the ocean, and that climbs onto the ship dancing.
Mike Sackton:  While these people are figuring out this crazy entertainment is going to look check in on the food.
Mike Sackton: II did use my links to go gather. I know it's not. The rules are like, it's enough food for 18, like it's obviously not gonna not gonna feed everybody. But no, the idea is that I want to like I just want
Mike Sackton: the food to have a little bit of
Mike Sackton: buzz to it, right so and right. So like. I mean, maybe there's like some
Mike Sackton: I'll pick a couple of like past or derve, you know, some some of the like, some subset of the food.
Mike Sackton: and I'm gonna spread it over more than enough for part of a dinner for 18 right? And
Mike Sackton: the effect will presumably not be as strong. But the idea is to sort of spread the general idea of you know, have my have my the like. I don't know. Maybe like
Mike Sackton: fish is what's around here. Right? So like, there's some.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. I'll like, make up some fish dish right? Like it's it's not even some historic recipe from Tolan or something. It's some elvish creation.
Mike Sackton:   sushi! Do they serve sushi here?
Mike Sackton: Have they ever had sushi?
1617****485: They certainly eat like raw dirt and
1617****485: and clams on the half shell and that sort of thing. Is there like a fish that would be
Mike Sackton: tastes good raw that they would have never had raw, that I'm just gonna serve as like some weird, elvish delicacy. Raw.
Mike Sackton: I don't know with a little acid right like
1617****485: there would. I think there would be like, you know, Terviche style thing like a like a chilled acid seafood salad, but like the sushi style like. you know.
they would have never had before.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm going for some like weirdo. And this is the fish that my links is gathered. So it's sparkling with a little homeliness. There's obviously not enough to go around. But whatever there is, right?
1617****485: Right?
1617****485: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna be a centaur
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: but like a dwarf sent
Schwartz: it dwarfed her third of tired
Mike Sackton: like a little center, or a normal sized horse with a dwarf sized.
Schwartz: And then which way do the pants go? Are you a pony tar?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you like a regular horse with like a just a short dwarf on the top. II think it's the second one. But you raise some complex questions. I don't.
Schwartz: We just spent 20 min talking about pony tires. Tim's gonna pull his hair out.
Schwartz: So I think Wendy's really only invested in having some halfling storytellers come and
Schwartz: like set up a small stage where they're telling the story of our adventures in Denmark
Eric Rosenbaum: last time Seeker built an elaborate stone mechanical game of chance pinball machine type thing.
1617****485: Yes, and it's sort of work. It work great. If you could get the ball like loose. But the like launcher thing that launches the ball was
Eric Rosenbaum:  tricky. Right? So people can put put wagers on it.
1617****485: It's tricky. Yeah.
1617****485: Yeah. People can put wages on it for sure.
You're
1617****485: okay.
1617****485: Thou
1617****485: party begins around 10 something like that.  and
1617****485: I mean, you've spread the word like lots of people know about this.
1617****485:  right at the very beginning. There's like. There's not a lot of people who are showing up. You've got the hoveling bands
1617****485: that's playing.
1617****485: You've got, you know, a bunch of halflings show up right at the beginning. That sounds right, but mostly people well be knows. You know you've got.
You've got Wendell from from the winward sail to like
1617****485: Chenna and Harriet Goodbarrow, who are like 2 of. while these cousins of third cousin once removed, or something like that, they're a generation older than well-being.
1617****485:  They show up. They're like, you know.
you know.
1617****485: crowding around Welby like they lost saw when he was 12, and they're acting like sort of motherly aunts around him.
Come.
1617****485: you know you've got a good halfling crab that sort of
sort of starving here, and they, you know, but
1617****485: the hobblings don't usually like go out to a lot of these parties just because it's a bit.
1617****485: I mean, a lot of them have this pretty strong
1617****485: religious component. And well, it's nice to go see and experience it, like.
you know, if you have no real connection, the word link, it can sometimes be a little
1617****485: Hello, sort of
1617****485: then the halflings like stories. So there's you know. There's plenty of that that go. But you also get like a few other people sort of wandering in, it seems
1617****485:  early on. He seemed kind of  like they're like they're a little bit
1617****485: you know. Most of the other parties are are kind of off putting somehow or sort of have the vibe that they
yeah, that just feels a little, too.
1617****485: Q. Man, right?  I mean. Most of the most of the power of all parties are quite human, and and this the vibe here is like, it doesn't feel quite like a real word, like party, right like you have no priests of the word laden wandering around. You have no blessing, you have no like.
you know, prayers or benedictions. You have no
1617****485: real connection whatsoever to the word thing yourself. It's just a party, right? And for a lot of the like weirdos and mystits and toll. And this like actually feels kind of
1617****485: nice, right? Like.
you know, they feel out of place at the other party that nice to have a party that isn't so human.
1617****485: I saw the first.
I don't know. Half hour or so.
1617****485: 45 min. The crowd is almost entirely non-humans. Right?  In addition to the hustlings, who are numerous and loud, and.
you know, have immediately sort of launching into storytelling competition, song and dance. You get a few kenkoo that fly by
1617****485: to hang out and at least check it out.
1617****485:  You get Aurelia the Centaur, who, even though she said she wasn't going to come couldn't resist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then, when the ken Q show up, Kenza will will see if any of them want to engage in some freestyle acrobatics and but then you do as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great the acrobatics.
1617****485:  so the the first you can cue that show up kind of
1617****485:  you know. Look at you a little bit like
what is the stereotype? Not all came to our acrobatic. They're like, you know, big. They're almost like large human crows right. Their their wings are big and broad and strong, and they look sort of burly.
They're basically like we're we're here to watch dude. You put on the show.
1617****485: Thank you. They seem a little.
1617****485: even though they're like coming out for this parties. It's a pretty closed off community in toled it. They're still a little bit unsure what to think of you.
1617****485: but they seem to be enjoying themselves. There's like 6 of them that gather like perched along the railing of the ship. They look.
1617****485: you know, there's human size
flying
1617****485: humanoids, right? But
against a giant-sized chef they look
1617****485: kind of like proportioned as they would be sort of normal sea birds
Schwartz: that's awesome.
1617****485: Melinda shows up with an Elven woman who he introduces as Elwis. They're looking forward to
speaking more at dinner in a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
1617****485:  As the party like heats up a bit. You've got
1617****485: It's squash shows up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice
she shows up with a a sort of for now mid 30 s.
1617****485: Man wearing these like heavy fur
1617****485: you know he is
has sort of medium length, sort of shaggy brown hair, and he's. you know, sort of looks fairly richly dressed. He's not
1617****485: there. You don't get the vibe here that this is this is mostly like people here aren't
1617****485: into the weirdly spirit in the same way, or like nobody is almost nobody's wearing masks. Some people are wearing colorful clothes, but a lot of people are just kind of wearing their normal street clothes right like, or fancy versions of their normal street clothes. It's not like they dress up in Wordling costumes. They're just
1617****485: dressed in, you know, their party clothes or whatever. So there's a very there's like a pretty different vibe that I sort of know the rest of the party we've been to.
She introduces this man. She's with us.
1617****485: Kalpa. and with a significant glance at Kensa, says.
1617****485: Done happy!
Introduce him! He's like a brother to me.
1617****485: not meaning Kenza, meaning Kaufa.
1617****485: and he looks over at you and says. I've heard about you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I solicited him.
1617****485: He's like I mean, he's he's a little skeptical of you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Well, this is weird. He's with another dude, I mean she's with another dude that fuck her man
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can. The zoom.
Schwartz: she just said, like like a brother
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was basically for dating purposes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're both super grateful for the like.
Everything you did for for the scare
1617****485: the vibe you get is like, you know.
1617****485: he wanted to meet you cause he's like, you know.
business duties
1617****485: making moves on my friends who I've never met.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's weird, but not not in like a whole fight. I mean, she's, you know.
1617****485: Yeah, no family here. She has no friends here, right like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, weird! That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza, you know. Kenza. Kenza greets him and welcomes welcomes them both to the party and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Well, welcome to Bath, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hope they have a good time. Kenzo's still like like kinda just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause the the Kenku, like, you know, they're just kinda chill, or are they showing? Are they canku like, hang it like Kenzie Kanku? Kenzel is kind of spending like a lot of time like on the acrobatics, like kind, of course, that he set up like are the Kanku hang out near there? Are they like on it or nearby it.
1617****485: They're sort of. They're mostly hanging, but they're actually like watching the half swing band a lot. They're into the music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're like hanging around the
1617****485: There there are! They are watching it, right like, you know, and occasionally they'll fly off and kind of fly over the ship a little bit, and just kind of take in a a view of everything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  well, there's a well, there's like that.
1617****485: Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now go ahead. Then. I get the sense.
1617****485: You get the sense that kind of. They're they're keeping it themselves a little bit. But they they're observing like they're.
you know, they're they're
1617****485: interested, and they don't often come out to part like you know you you you have seen a few ken coops flying around Toland right? But they tend to.
1617****485: They tend to, you know not. They're not very social right that they tend to be. I mean they were.
1617****485: This isn't really their like. They have their own kingdom, part of the North, and they
1617****485: you get the sense that they're.
1617****485: You know. They're just not. They're a little.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how to phrase it exactly. They're they're just. They're a little sort of they're aloof, right? Yeah, that's fine. That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What? When once we get kind of like a like a decent crowd there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know Kenza will signal signal to like. Well, be in seeker, and you know we we do like an initial, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of acrobatics demonstration the flying ladder. And you know, we just need some. We start. We start getting that that part of the the evening going with a little bit of yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: festivity. Yeah, you've got. I mean, you're definitely beginning to get a crowd by, you know, 11. Something like that, you know, there's a pretty good, probably a hundred people here, a a mix also of toll and birds who are just kind of curious, even though it's
doesn't seem It's sort of like this odd party that nobody knows quite out of place. But they're like. you know.
1617****485: sort of fascinated by that right?
1617****485:  so so that's you know, there's
1617****485: there's that going on, too.  and there's a few people you recognize. You see, you see, as the bar shows off. Of course he's going to show up. Cecelia doesn't. But
Thomas Hawk is here as well with like an entourage that's following them around.
1617****485:  A bunch of other people. You don't know.
1617****485: yeah, who else you've got to you've got. And like lots of people, you know, there's always people at these parties who are just here for food. Right?
1617****485:  even though this party is a bit challenging to get to
Mike Sackton:  So there's kind of an odd crowd here like I mean, I gather the vibe was a little bit nonhuman, so that was sort of circulate. I mean, I'll chat with
Mike Sackton:  Allen, Allen, dear, that's the other outf right, Melan dear. But you know mostly sort of defer a conversation real conversation with him till it comes for dinner later, right? But
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna just like
Mike Sackton: way, you know, Della sometimes puts on this sort of persona of like the rich kind of elf who
Mike Sackton: who's collecting information or artifacts, or just like a little bit eccentric, really interested in story, like like I've played this part a few times before.
Mike Sackton: wander around, and just kind of as a host, you know. Bring a bring a tray of
Mike Sackton: my weird fish dish like, offer it to people right? And specifically, though looking anytime, I get the opportunity.
Mike Sackton: There's there's 6 things I'm asking about. One is
Mike Sackton: the 5 places from the
Mike Sackton: right, so like again, that not trying to be too obvious about it. But just you know.
Mike Sackton: hey? I heard a story about you know. I found a scrap scrap of a scroll that mentioned the sunken gardens of
Mike Sackton: that of Invalis. But I can't figure out, you know I've never heard of infest right. Is that a thing that you've heard of
Mike Sackton: that sort of
Mike Sackton: trying to bring it up in conversation more than just like pouncing on guests and being like growing them for information. But those 5 places, plus
Mike Sackton: plus Ersk. And in particular.
Mike Sackton: I'm actually not gonna ask about Ersk for civilization as much unless somebody like talks about it.
Mike Sackton: But I'm really interested in empty space, especially with like the ken Q. Around.
Mike Sackton: What's but what's like on the borders of ours? What's north of Ersk? What's west of Ersk? What's in that? All that empty space up north.
1617****485: Okay?
1617****485: So Dell was playing host. Canada's playing acrobat speaker and wellbe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, he's helping you with acrobatics, with the acrobatics.
Schwartz: Partially. Some of it. Some of it I do a little bit of of error catching demonstration, but I think I also wanna work the room and and see about that empty space also. So someone would double the singer at the end, talking with seeing if I can engage Cancu wanna talk about the experience of like the other cancue at the far end of the sea. And like.
Schwartz: yeah, yeah.
1617****485: and how about Speaker
Eric Rosenbaum: has become?
Eric Rosenbaum: the Centaur, but that he changed just before seeing that, in fact, we have a real centaur here at the party, so it feels like super awkward about it. And is operating his games of chance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and and and Kenzo also. Is escalating on any possible sexual tension between dell within the Centaur. So he's just kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: between dial within a set, of course, deal with and deal with in that sense. Kenzo is focusing on
1617****485: trying to set up some sort of cross species liaison, instead of trying to get his own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, of course. Yeah, that's a long party, Tim. It's not like there's one thing. Notice you doing this. He will politely redirect your attentions to your own.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no, no, it's just, it's it's not even subtly. It's way more subtle than that deal with. No subtle. It's like it's it's like, it's just like, you know, like bringing the bringing like the Centaur over for food, like when you happen to be at the table right there. And all of a sudden you're in a situation where you have to talk with them, you know. Dude, it's just like, Oh, like, yeah, like, let's get some food, and then we go over and go double it. Look the centars here. Isn't that wonderful? And then just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walk away. You know it's just do that. But I'm gonna I'm gonna bounce around with a few themes.
1617****485: The first thing that happened
1617****485: is, seeker as you're fiddling with your game of chance you hear this Kump
could come. It sounds like somebody walking in iron boots with a cane.
1617****485: and you turn around and you see behind you this like old dwarf like he must be. He looks like he's
1617****485:  He certainly looks like elderly to your eyes, like maybe 200 or somebody who's
or more, 250 clearly like walks with a limp. He's not in great shape. wrinkled face like his beard has
1617****485: turned
1617****485: to gray, it's, you know, braided, and you see that it almost shimmers a little bit with
maybe a hint of magical light as the as he clumps over, and he's got this this cane that he's holding in his hand any any
1617****485: seems to be heading straight for your pinball machine device and actually for you as well.
1617****485: and as he walks up he, he says. seeing you as the only other dwarf around. Are you the proprietor of this place?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not the sole proprietor. There's a group of us here, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm the one that flies this ship most of the time.
1617****485: Yeah. Thought of what I was looking for. The one who flies this ship.
1617****485: fascinating bangs of his.
has came like hard against the
1617****485: the the bottom of the of the ship, the solid stone beneath his feet
1617****485: don't! And yet
1617****485: why.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the only way for us dwarves to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I must say it's a relatively new acquisition, but we love it. I am seeker of high. Keep your name, sir.
1617****485: Wow! I am Baljik Bronzehammer. Pleasure to meet you.
I've been looking for you, actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: have you?
1617****485: I'm
quite curious to see the
1617****485: whatever it is that Powers this thing
1617****485: there must be something right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, indeed! There is mask of the nature. You're of your interest.
1617****485: Well, I've
traveled quite widely.
1617****485: I've seen
many things in my long life. Any seems to be distracting. For a moment. He he looks down at your glove.
1617****485: I assume you're wearing your glove right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I mean tar in my centar form. I can wear it, and because of its ornamental quality that and the goggles are on. Yes.
1617****485: it's that crystallized magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed it is
1617****485: that what powers the ship?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not exactly.
1617****485: Hmm.
1617****485: but something powers that
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm afraid
Eric Rosenbaum: we can't be overly open about such matters, especially at a party, but perhaps
Eric Rosenbaum: we could get together another time.
1617****485: Well, I'm I'm here now. What's stopping you?
Eric Rosenbaum:  took me 2 goddamn hours to lock. Walk to this ship. Where did you come from, sir?
1617****485: Give Northgate. I see. Don't walk so good anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum:  can't soul-site him, and who knows where Kenzo is
Eric Rosenbaum: I? I look a little closer
Eric Rosenbaum: there. There was something suggesting magic about him. Was it in his beard? You said.
1617****485: It seems like he's got braided in his beard these like
1617****485: little like crystals, or something that seems to sparkle with light, even though they're they look like. They almost look like very, very tiny versions of drift globes. They're like woven into his beard.
Eric Rosenbaum: May I ask, are you a magic user yourself?
1617****485: 5 dabble in lots of things. But, Tinker, I think I'd call myself I don't know. Prefer to
make magic, then use magic if you know what I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: not exactly to be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: but the creation is the true blessing
1617****485: valve those are for the
1617****485: they're for the young.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
1617****485: Confidence is what I seek.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well as you may imagine, I'm not always in the body. The Centaur.
Eric Rosenbaum: This type of spell does have a certain impermanence to it, and I also am interested in the more more permanent forms that magic can take. And I,
Eric Rosenbaum:  went to the glove and the
Eric Rosenbaum: goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: In fact, I'd be interested to learn more about
Eric Rosenbaum: your way of working.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps if I
Eric Rosenbaum: let these games run themselves for a few minutes, I can. I could show you the navigational area of our ship.
1617****485: Oh, that would be fascinating! I would love that. What could you show me in return?
1617****485: What would you like to see? Don't carry much on me. Do you have a workshop? Yes, like cane. He topped his cane. He like holds it up, and then he like points it in it like
a beam of light shoots out at the end, can be handy.
Eric Rosenbaum: does seem handy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you have a workshop nearby that I could visit another day.
1617****485: Well, that's funny. You should ask.
1617****485: I hmm!
1617****485: Hardest thing!
1617****485: What's that artist in residence? Right? I was curious about your ship, actually, because well, the kids
1617****485: like it really works, and safe to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've flown hundreds of miles. I do need to
to get somewhere.
1617****485: You do, perhaps thinking. Well. you've got a flying ship
Eric Rosenbaum: and a couple of ones that are used to you.
1617****485: I trust you to pilot
the team.
1617****485: Well.
your pinball machine needs a little work over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd love your help on that. But but but but listen, where is it you need to go?
1617****485: Well.
have you heard of.
1617****485: I guess it's called the edge of echoes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have I heard of that?
Mike Sackton: Totally sadly, somewhere we want to go? Tim is totally trying to give us so many side quests, we can't actually do them all totally get a fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've not heard of the edge of echoes. Where might that be?
1617****485: Wow! Working on a
special item for the
1617****485: greedy old philosophers to get them to tell me where it is? Exactly.
1617****485: It's a little bit unclear, actually. And why is it you need to go somewhere south of here?
1617****485: It's well
1617****485: I don't know how much you know about the planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is a topic of particular fascination for me.
1617****485: Well, you know that the distance between here and the other plane varies across
space on this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd suspected that, but didn't even know that much, for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: There were some thin places where energy leaks across more strongly. This I've seen. Yes!
1617****485: Well. these are particularly auspicious places to create magic items.
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed, deed
1617****485: and I've been working on a
1617****485: well. There's been something I've been working on for quite some time.
1617****485: that is Stone Bird.
1617****485: Been wanting a pet for a while, but animals
they die too quickly.
1617****485: Not too fragile.
could sit down and accidentally squish one like what's the point?
Eric Rosenbaum: I hear you
1617****485: but stone. Now stone is solid.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you have it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hence the stone bird might be hard to get it to fly, but not impossible.
1617****485: Wow! You see. This is why I came to your ship, because you would think
it would be hard to get
1617****485: a stone ship to fly and yet stop you.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yet here we are.
1617****485: and I believe
1617****485: the edge of echoes is an unusual place. is a place
where multiple elemental planes are in close proximity
Eric Rosenbaum: to our world of Talgar, and which elemental planes might those be, all of them?
1617****485: Well, the 2 that I want are stone and air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. I was there
1617****485: I could make my bird fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It sounds like we should drop everything and go there.
1617****485: I think you talk quite wisely.
Schwartz: and perhaps if you would take me there. I could do something for you.
1617****485: Perhaps you would also like a stone bird or some other creature of your creation, or perhaps the reason I asked about your crystallized magic.
1617****485: Think
if I were in this place I could make that love animate your creation
Eric Rosenbaum: film creations. They would have to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: of course. purely of stone.
1617****485: So I think we should go. How long does this party last
Eric Rosenbaum: right now? You want to go?
1617****485: Well, why not?
Eric Rosenbaum: How long might this trip be.
1617****485: Oh, you're right. I need to wait another 2 days, so I can get my answer from those damn philosophers.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have
Eric Rosenbaum: a group.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a group of us that travel together on this stone ship, and I will need to confirm with them. But I imagine that they're not the leader
1617****485: dwarves are there.
Eric Rosenbaum: We need to get fly the ship right. Doesn't that make you the captain?
Eric Rosenbaum: You'd think so? And I certainly think so. But we have an arrangement. an equitable one. and we have our own quests.
Eric Rosenbaum:  but I'm sure we could accommodate your interests among them.
1617****485: Unlikely. Any of them are as interesting as this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not impossible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think, that they would see the mutual benefit that we could find in it. Also, it depends
Eric Rosenbaum: to be honest geographically, exactly where we end up going.
1617****485: Well, it's somewhere south
Eric Rosenbaum: south of here. I don't know where South.
1617****485: I'll tell you in 2 days. I guess I guess we can leave what
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Maybe we can leave Friday or Saturday.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I must say I'm glad you've come to find me, and I look forward to speaking more about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we could meet here in 2 days time. Once you have the information, and I can show you around when
Eric Rosenbaum: the ship is not full of strangers.
1617****485: Yeah, maybe I can fix your pit model machine then, too, or wait, will that be too late? At this part of the party.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is just for the party. That's true. If you'd like to tinker with it together, you should only show off your best work seeker. I think you have a lot to learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am a learner in addition to a seeker that is correct. I'd love your help now, if you want to fix the machine together?
1617****485: Oh, well, of course I why didn't I think of that? We can do it now? Hold on, give me one moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he said, and he unfolds his cane, and he like reaches into it, and he pulls out this like bag. That's obviously way too big to fit into a metal cane.
and like lays it down on the ground and starts like looking around. He takes out these like little jewelers, glasses, and like crawls underneath the pinball machine, and like
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast inspiration on him.
1617****485: So while Seeker is
1617****485: anchoring with
1617****485: Paul Jock.
1617****485: He saw Jock, I think you're just. Matt is a pinkerer who wants to go to a place called the Edge of Echo, where multiple elemental plans converge in order to animate his stone bird that he has made because living pets are not interesting enough, or might die too quickly, or something like that. This is
Eric Rosenbaum: awesome, and a perfectly constructed way to entrap, seeker, to get him to reveal secrets.
He he does not know where the edge of echoes is, yet he is currently constructing a magic item for the Philosopher's Guild
1617****485: as payment for the information location of the edge of echoes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and he will know in 2 days. But it's somewhere to the South, but it could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we add this to our side? Quest list?
Eric Rosenbaum: Inquest?
Mike Sackton: But no, Eric, you know the main quest is just the stuff. We don't do right. So
1617****485: so while Seeker's talking, Dallas has been circulating, and
you know you talk to a bunch of people like you talk to melendar for a bit. You you know you talk to
1617****485: the ken you you know you talk to the Kengo you talk to you know you, you say Hi! To Thomas Hawk, and sort of pass around food to his entourage.
1617****485: and dropping these sorts of questions, and and you pick up you pick up a few rumors, a few. It's sometimes a little bit hard to tell what's like a rumor and what
obviously like. You know what the rumor. What's true? What?
1617****485:  what?
What's fault?
1617****485: but you pick up a few bits of information. The first one is is so the multiple people halflings. Others know the holy wealth of Parma.
1617****485: The holy wilds of Parmo are a small on a small island off the coast of Serbia.
and they are supposedly like
1617****485: ancient, like
1617****485: original, and drank Orient like an original drankorian well, and this really well preserved
grancorrion
1617****485:  ruins
1617****485: dedicated to dedicated to the the 8 divine to to mock pneumonia, I think, mostly to the mother.
And it's a it's a a sort of minor pilgrimage location. It's it's not a
1617****485: this far away. It's not like, you know. Most people have heard rumors, and it's not a significant enough site that you travel that distance, but certainly, like among
you know. Send me in things like that you actually hear from
1617****485: From Escobar. Escobar actually originally grew up in a small village in the end, and he's he's heard of this place. Oh, yeah, that's like, you know, a. A. A friend of a cousin knew somebody who went on. A pilgrimage there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that sort of thing. But quick net again. We're just like at the at the height of the during Forian Empire like where was during? For like where did it spread to? And we know
1617****485:  Poland was a northern border. It spread as far as the river Volta, and no further
1617****485: the whole Sunday and Peninsula
1617****485: but no, not really further east than than like the east coast of the Green Z off of Semi, and then to the west. Up to the big lake north of Chardon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did it ever did? Was Tardin a part of the Tanquarian Empire ever.
1617****485: Yeah. Chartin was found and was originally a drink. Oriented city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no way.
1617****485: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Super interesting.
1617****485:  But the other thing that you mentioned Kwan yi and
vet. Of course, I think a couple of people have heard of, although especially people have heard of this, because for a Watt lake
1617****485: the the scare. Yes, Brand and Kelpa were like trying to recruit mercenaries. Yeah, go right. So this is like everybody knows about Beta. Obviously Kwanyi. Nobody's heard about like Nicasa.
Nobody's heard about
1617****485: Faressa. Nobody's heard about
1617****485: in all this like you get a couple people who think like, Oh, maybe that's on that big island.
1617****485:  you know, way to the East. Maybe, like Erla, I think it's called.
but nobody really knows, for sure. The holy Wells of Parma are the only one that's like. sort of obvious.
Mike Sackton: So obviously. the guy was
not the whole way. Well, so far.
1617****485: that's presumably the yeah
1617****485: island off the coast instead. Yeah, that. Yeah. He was at for a month.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
1617****485: And oh, and then about the empty spaces. So you.
1617****485: I mean, you hear lots of rumors about the and about this empty space is like you hear like. One person tells you that there's snow elves there, that they're they're fierce, and they they're like degenerate, and they attack anybody who enters their territory.
Somebody else tells you that it's
1617****485: kingdom of giant eagles.
1617****485: Somebody else tells you that there's a secret kingdom of a vampire who snacks on unwary sailors
up there. You get the sense like this space. That's sort of between
1617****485:  That sort of in between earth ends. Geoghan land is like this Tara incognita. Where?
1617****485: What about the do I need the cancrew talk to me and know anything.
1617****485: So again, one of the Kinkoo get into the Kanku. So these are the rumors that you're building. Yeah, one of the cancu
does. Does. you know, make conversation for a while.
and tells you you know
1617****485: the people so his people
1617****485: are, you know, due north of here, like north of Boston like way to the north in these empty planes, and if you, if you fly east from there, you can fly for thousands of miles without
1617****485: countering any people
1617****485:  like. You can supposedly fly all the way till you hit the ocean, and there's no people what there are
1617****485: white dragon.
1617****485: massive like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye.
1617****485: no beasts of various kinds. It's it's this.
1617****485: you know, the further the further east you go. According to. According to him, the the less
1617****485:  the more dangerous and the less sort of
safe to travel. The the northern wastes are
1617****485:  but of course these are mostly rumors right? This is like a friend of a friend of a friend. He's never! He's never! He hasn't flown, though. so
1,000 miles to.
1617****485: you know, the 3,000 miles to the ocean. But that's the claim, like. Certainly Ersk.
1617****485: according to the rumors of the kangaroo, earth does not exist, and there's like there's there's there's but there's the Vostok mountains that are sort of bleed into the Scare Island.
I want you cross those.
1617****485:  your your. You know you're something like
1617****485: 600 miles from the coast 700 miles from the coast. and that far north. It's just like an expanse of
1617****485: you know, taiga, as far as the eye can see, and snow fields and tundra depending on the elevation.
1617****485: So earth must be more compressed down to the coast than that right?  But lots of Kanku.
1617****485: you know. Kenko, who fly, who like, try to go through the Far East.
1617****485: often don't return.
1617****485: and there's definitely like some I mean
it.
1617****485: You know. There, there, there is a reason why these rumors all accumulate in this sort of Tara, big-looking, cognitive
west of Ersk and east of the scare, right? Like people don't go there and return very frequently.
1617****485: but if you can't far enough north and go far enough east.
it would be easy to approach Earth from from the north.
It's wasteland. It's like empty, snowy waste as far as the eye can see. Vast vast paga forest.
1617****485: Just watch out for the White dragon.
Mike Sackton: or maybe it's one of the we could combine 2 side quests.
Mike Sackton: One of the 6 dragons of that we need to kill is maybe in the White Dragon perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of dragons are white dragons. They're friendly. Don't know if they're friendly.
Mike Sackton: does Tai Tyler doesn't really have like the Dnd metallic and
Mike Sackton: non metallic good versus evil dragons, does it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that was kind of my.
1617****485: There are metallic and chromatic dragons, but they're not like allied into
Mike Sackton: right
1617****485: good and evil in that way.
1617****485: but to clarify so like among white, among what?
Schwartz: Sorry, among white dragons you might have like some good and some evil. It's not just by species that are good or evil.
1617****485: Yeah, exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plans, though.
1617****485:  my, my headphone tags.
Mike Sackton: Oh, so your computer switch to, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
1617****485: So my computer switch to
1617****485:  It's better now.
1617****485: I was on both audio. Got it. We're good.
1617****485: but it should be good now.
1617****485:  so so that's why that's basically what you know that with the
Mike Sackton: first in those places are those 2 things you wanted to learn? Right? Yeah. And the other the other side, just as a side bit.
Mike Sackton: Anybody, you know anybody who's like admiring the space or like.
Mike Sackton: I'll definitely put out fact that. you know this is a bit we need some sprucing up here
Mike Sackton: just to get recommendations right? We don't need to play it out. But like the the goal is a few names. Right? Like.
1617****485: yeah, yeah, I get it.
1617****485: Okay. So while while being circulating or well.
1617****485:  well, seeker is like disappearing into the like, you guys sort of noticed like, secret's like leaving this like weird dwarf
1617****485: into the steering chamber where the phasing stone is. Oh, I did tell him that we would do that when he came back in a couple days. Okay.
1617****485:  so you're not doing that. Yeah.
1617****485:  we're we're still just fixing machines.
1617****485: Yeah, you're fixing the PIN moment. And and that was a circulating  well, being. And Kent, though I sort of put it on the show like being the entertainment.
and you definitely get the fence like there's, you know.
1617****485: people are watching you. People are impressed. Probably
you know your the sort of
1617****485: acrobatic type performance is not
sort of a typical.
1617****485: you know. parabola party type thing. And so the novelty is definitely.
you know, attractive to people. It's definitely
1617****485:  it definitely kind of
1617****485: it's making a scheme right? Like it's  And you can see you. Can you get the sense like, you know, conversations are sort of stopping a little bit and like people are, you know, whenever you do some particularly notable trick, or something like that sort of like. That goes to the crowd.
1617****485: You can see that.
1617****485: you know, during the like espres seems to be just like
sitting and watching the performance, not really circulating, or anything like that
1617****485: while the
you're also like working the crowd a little bit.
Schwartz: Yeah, I especially want to talk to Kenku and and see
Schwartz: to collect information about some of the same stuff that dealt with was. But try and and see if there's more to get there.
1617****485: Yeah. So you I mean, you
1617****485: work the crowd a bit. You do some, you know.
Do do a bit of a show, and then kind of leave. Leave Kenzo to impress the the masses and and
1617****485: and and do a bit of
1617****485: this sort of, you know hassling thing right like try and try and fit in. Try and sound them out a little bit like
try, and, you know, figure out the culture and and what
1617****485: you know
1617****485: what's going on with them right? And you get this sense so like Kenko and Hapless don't cost as much
out here, anyway, but you certainly like the the stories of
1617****485: a kangaroo that you met to the East like really you know. they really pay attention to that right that really catches their ear. And. like you, you get the sense from from talking to these Kent. People are sort of hanging around right that.
But there were rumors.
1617****485: There's always been rumors, right? But this so the history here is that this a large
1617****485: well a large length
1617****485: A large fraction of the Kenku were enslaved by Shalat, and were used to. They were like
in Pandar, as the slaves of Shahada did all their life.
1617****485: you know, front work and stuff and form the backbone of his transportation system. Right? Kanku would be
flying people around or flying records.
and there's always been myths back.
1617****485: There were people who never, and to them, though a lot of them died in the war, but Aaron
rescued a bunch of them, and signed to the kingdom, which originally
1617****485: at the end of high school, was like on the ruins of the early monastery, which never seemed to make much sense. So we moved them to the far north.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom!
1617****485: And
you know. 1,050 years something like that great war in there.
1617****485: They're like trying to.
you know, build a new civilization from scratch, basically. And so I sort of retreated from the world a bit and are also like pretty suspicious that
1617****485: you know. pretty suspicious and pretty nationalistic. Right there.
you know, this is their homeland. Nobody can come in like this is this is how we're gonna think from the next.
1617****485: you know, maybe it's like a touch of like sort of Zionist kind of
attitudes.
1617****485:  but there's always been these rumors. There's always been these myths that not everybody believes of.
1617****485: Thank you. Elsewhere in the world you were never.
1617****485: never experiences. History, right? Were never enslaved by too much. Just live their lives happily, and so are like totally different right?
And the fact that you've met them and that, like you're, you know, you can tell stories of them is like.
1617****485: it's kind of, you know, it's really sort of
1617****485: you can see, they're almost like getting emotional like this is, you know.
1617****485: this is like a huge deal for them, and it's kind of making them rethink a bunch of stuff. And so they're opening off to you and sort of
sharing as part of their
1617****485: and
1617****485: you you sort of pick up 2 additional pieces of information. Right? One is that
1617****485: If you want to go north
1617****485: there pretty sure like that. They're willing to ask around and see if they can find a Kangu scout who was willing to travel with you.
Schwartz: Oh, nice!
1617****485: Who would know the northern terrain? And you
wouldn't be willing to like, probably go into Earth. But, like
1617****485: you know.
I think the the impression you get is is, you get the sense that, like
1617****485: there is definitely especially among the youngest generation of Penku. There is kind of a you know, we need to move back into the world, and that there's people people in the youngest generation. It would be
amenable to like trying to help you navigate you vast northern ways.
1617****485: and
however, you also get 2 additional pieces of
1617****485:  2 additional like
warnings. What is that like? Earth is a danger place right like.
1617****485: No, nobody's ever. No Kenko has ever
blown into earth and come back.
1617****485: And that's a long way. That's partly because not that many have tried right. It's far away from their homeland. It's sort of why bother right? But it's also, you know, it's also there's something strange and magical about it, right. There's something sort of off about the people there.
1617****485: and also, like the northern border, is a dangerous place, right like there's.
you know, there is rumors that get back to the Kenko, that there are frequent battles with like massive monsters
1617****485: and part of
1617****485: part of the white fiber. Their perspective, anyway, part of the viable earth is like. It's magical. because otherwise we'd be overrun by whatever terrorists are in the northern waste.
1617****485: They're like, you know.
1617****485: Be cautious here, like, you know. Obviously, if you can make a ship fly, if you can make a 200
foot long stone ship fly, you're not weak.
1617****485: but you know, go into something like this. OP, you know, with open eyes, and
1617****485: you know you might flying, you know, flying the the worst beast that they've
heard of are these like massive
1617****485: sort of like cross between a giant worm and like a an umbilipite like
Gargantuan sized snow worms that bart that hide underneath the snow and are like huge ambush predators that leap out apparently like
their metabolism, essentially goes to nothing when nothing is around. So they're you can't sense them. They're basically invisible. They use no energy. But then, if you like, walk along the snow, they'll erupt out of the out of the ground and swallow you holes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we going? Ersk again?
Eric Rosenbaum: This is awesome.
Mike Sackton: Wham
Mike Sackton: piece of rice jade. Yeah, fries jade. But maybe it's a bad idea. I'm reconsidering. If you're flying
1617****485: the giant snow worms aren't going to be able to sense you because that lion vibrates.
Schwartz: That's true.
Mike Sackton: Right? That's how we I mean. yeah, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we'll just like drop rocks and stuff as we're flying, and watch the Senate, like, you know, fly out, and you know, pick them up and go back to sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love that Couture, Tim.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a ocean creature that's tiny. But like that, what's that called?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
1617****485: So that's that's the additional stuff you pick up. Well.
1617****485: Hello!
1617****485: What's your what are you doing as your performance
1617****485: then? Now? Sort of past midnight, and the party's winding down a real bed
seeker. You see it still be secret as a dwarf like. He's just kind of ignoring the rest of the party because the the dwarf is on his back underneath the pinball machine like tapping at it with a hammer and like secrets passing them tools.
1617****485: I'm like it's working better. You've got it like pretty music that now one of the reverses miscalibrated.
So the ball worked fine, but managed to mess up a flipper. It's a amount of seekers like sitting on top of the pinball machine.
Schwartz: I'm like nobody's been able to play pinpoint. I feel like this like ideal party.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my God, I much rather being this than like going around talking to people. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  yeah, Kenzo Kenzo, after, like the pyramid is over, finds ascribe. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, kind of wait to see. When the guy leaves if he leaves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: at some point makes his way over and chatting with their food.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: enjoying
1617****485: Capua, Kapoa! Kapua didn't really hang out with her once we got to the party.
1617****485: Yeah, yeah. Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't.
1617****485: They weren't acting like like when they when they arrived it was very much like he wanted to.
1617****485: He wanted to come to the party, and he needed he wanted. I thought he was like kind of protecting her. Okay, cool a little bit like he was a little bit like, sort of I get it. I get it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah. Ken Kenza spends, spends time on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you made this paper.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, yeah, they're just they're just getting to know each other.
1617****485: Yeah, there's there's there's chemistry like she's still like she was impressed with you he was impressed with, like Kenzo's, like
1617****485: Vibe Bray, like Kenza has this very. I mean, she has this very sort of
1617****485:  It's not that she's sort of of, you know. I mean, she's devout, right? But she just also has this kind of
feeling of like
1617****485: she has this sort of powerful like. I mean she's she's. you know. She has some magic right, but she's not.  is obviously not as powerful as you
but not third or fourth.
1617****485: And you know Kenzo has the same kind of
vibe of like channeling all of these like divinity like, keep like all this, like spiritual energy, that kind of channeling. She's like clicking with that vibe right like telling you a little bit about like talking about her
for life and her childhood, and how you know. and, as you know, she oh, I forgot to say
1617****485: when she comes to the party, she's wearing the cloaks, that is, that looks like flowing water. clearly being working by magic right like like away.
1617****485: And she's like sort of showing me. She shows you this like, you know.
and amulate, or this this. What did I call it? It's in the
1617****485:  There's like luminous and teardrop that she wears on a silver chain around her neck that looks like it's made of water, but it's like solid like, has this weird texture like it sort of fall into the touch. But then, when you move your finger away. Kind of jiggles a little bit sort of like, you know, black style, except, you know, elegant.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, so KI mean, Kenza is definitely vibing, talking, yeah, doing a little dancing, but then Kenza's also like like throughout the night, like, really, it's like, you know, Bellwit feels like like something bumping him, and then it's like, you know, the Centaurs, but like kind of bumping him suddenly. And then, just you know, he's just creating all kinds of just, you know, moments and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  turns around. And then the Centaur's there, you know, just just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just creating just creating as much now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amazing awesomest possible for a republic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He lives
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was still dodging you, basically.
Mike Sackton: No, he doesn't really have the center, the center vibe.
the the earlier. The Santa eventually kind of picks up on what you're doing and like kind of gives you a bit of a look like
1617****485: an outfit. That's kind of like a shrug right like an outfit is center. How does that make sense?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Enzo is like, I don't know. Sometimes things don't have to make sense.
1617****485: It's all playful, you know. He's being very playful about it.
1617****485:  So past midnight, you know. One am 1 30 like? Has it
1617****485: freaked towards to the the parties, like winding down like a lot of people, have sort of drifts off that.
is Chris still here?
1617****485:  so
1617****485: handful of like.
you know
1617****485: just just people who don't want the party to end, or who are just kind of
1617****485: who are just. Yeah. We don't want the party to end, or or who, you know, are are
trying to get the last of the food, or something like that.
1617****485:  And then Frederick, of course, is still, like, you know, patrolling the ship basically like that. They finally like at 1 30, like 3, bobbing
1617****485: smooth as it could be. It works perfectly. It's like amazing
after Seeker and Frederick have spent 2 h tinkers with it. and like he gets off. But he's like limping around the ship with his with his cane. Now, which I've folded back into an actual cane. Just kind of looking at everything, pointing out like
places where you know the the
1617****485: the stone needs to be tweaked a little bit, or like, you know, here's where we could.
Oh, you should put this here right like
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll show him the acid damage
1617****485: we'd have to get in a regular boat underneath to look at it. It's number yeah. You'd have to like, you know. Lower, you know. Get in a boat or something. But yeah, he, you know he looks at that. He's like.
you know, folks shine this flashlight in there.
Eric Rosenbaum:  right flush.
1617****485: Actually make a perception check for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: 12.
1617****485: Yeah. So you transfer in there. You can see, like.
1617****485: you know, the patch job that you've done.
you can see a few places where actually, it looks like. you know.
1617****485: you could probably patch things off a little bit more solidly.
He like points out another thing. He's like, gotta fix that right like you don't want to start eroding, you know. You should really patch it here right like, you know, you're like, get into this call, geeking out that like structural integrity of rock sort of thing. Why, we could just send her up there, and you know she could
can't fly at. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: get that man.
1617****485: So so then it's like, you know. to something like that. The Halflands
have pretty much all that since
1617****485: music is over.
Kapua leaves. It's good still hanging around chilling with Kenzie
1617****485: parties. Basically ended.  Baudrick app that you can fly back to is that back to his house? I don't want to walk 2 h at 2 A. M. You got a place to sleep.
or maybe you can just fly me home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we can't take you on this ship, but ship home. But I could take you actually. Can I take them on the ladder? How long does the ladder activate for the ladder to send up? Plot to do it again?
Okay, yeah.
1617****485: I can take them in my life. Oh, that'd be awesome. You know. I've never rode on a ladder before. I've I've rode on a
1617****485: Bernie that was boring.
1617****485: Self-propelled wagon that was quite interesting. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: we lot of adventures. It's latter.
1617****485: And here think we may
need to make a few improvements to the mechanism there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really!
1617****485: But if you want to go 200 feet in a straight line, really fast. I have a trick for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: You do. I'm quite interested in that kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: to. Briefly, yeah, I can cut a little
bit finicky. Sometimes it goes off before you're ready.
1617****485: Kill me. There's a bit of magic involved.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah, I can show you how to do that.
1617****485: You like explosive.
Eric Rosenbaum: do I? What are you like? Of course I do.
1617****485: Well, of course, who does?
1617****485: That's for another time. I'll I'll bring something to show you when I come back to the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Much appreciated.
1617****485: Maybe you can send your buddy here.
1617****485: find me back like.
say, Saturday morning for breakfast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I do that? Can I have the latter do that?
1617****485: Yeah. Why not? Okay? Tell us to do if you want right, like you could command it to apply to a certain place, and then
Eric Rosenbaum: it could get kidnapped, whatever. But that's not yeah. Oh, yeah, I'll just go with it. That's great.
1617****485: Okay? So seeker. And this dwarf fly off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza. Kenza will be a gentleman in Waka is scrutin home.
1617****485: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Dallas will give Kenzo a walk as he's leaving like.
Mike Sackton: it's okay. If you stay out all night, Kenzo. we're not expecting you back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penza gives Delbert the look like you, Centaur.
Mike Sackton: No, it's just shakes his head. Centers log gone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as it remains helpful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So who doesn't want to see what a guitar Alpha offspring would be? Come on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would be like the ultimate Talgarian, you know.
1617****485: like super arrogant, magical being.
1617****485: So
1617****485: the day ends. You all sleep late.
1617****485: If kids have come back to the ship.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the next day
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or in the morning, we had her.
The the third day of Powerball is traditionally not a day of parties, but traditionally, when there's like, you know prayers and and meditation on the bonfires.
The sort of
1617****485:  It's kind of the the the moment when when you you know when it's tradition, sort of
1617****485: pray to the
the word laying about your
1617****485: you know what new chances you want, what new beginnings, things like that. And people claim that sometimes the bonfires give, you know. Sometimes the worldlings grant them, you know visions and and dreams, and, to be honest, I think
1617****485: most of you would probably feel I mean.
Kendall
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: obviously has a sort of spiritual energy, but I don't know. Correct me if I'm wrong. I don't think the the like Chardonnian religion would really resonate with. Now, yeah. Tried and left charge because he was like fuck. Everything charged. And so he's not
1617****485: so. So, even though this is like a different
version of that tradition, and, like a different place, obviously think it would still probably have, like some echoes of that
1617****485: history, right? Like I mean you would've Kenza would've
seem the same.
and I don't know. So what how would you all? What do you all do, I mean? Are you? Just what's your take on this last day?
1617****485: Are you doing anything just like
the time trying to don't?
Mike Sackton: Dallas is actually quite interested in what the Tanchi think of this all
Mike Sackton: like in a
Mike Sackton: like. He has kind of a weird relationship to human gods because he doesn't exactly worship the Taji right like he's not there follower. Exactly, but he's kind of disconnected from the Elven gods in a way, too, and he gets his magic, so he feels sort of
Mike Sackton: close to them right, like, almost like there's some
Mike Sackton: mutually beneficial relationship allies, partners, that kind of thing, right?
Mike Sackton: And so I don't know. He's very curious. He finds himself unexpectedly curious about human religion.
Mike Sackton: probably
Mike Sackton: for the first time. It is right like I mean, the whole time. She experience is still relatively new, right? And so he's both
Mike Sackton: very interested in not particip like
Mike Sackton: he wouldn't really participate like he's not gonna go up to a bonfire and offer prayers to the warbling, but he would be like fingering his various symbols to the Taji. He might, he might actually ask like, offer prayers up to them, and sort of ask, you know. What do you? Wh, what does this mean to you like? Try and get a set like, try and almost include the tanchi in this in some sense right? Like just he doesn't talk to them exactly, but like
Mike Sackton: I don't know he would experiment with how it feels to be involved more in a human involved as an outsider and a human religious.
Mike Sackton: He finds all very fascinating, too. He watches closely. He's like very interested in it.
Mike Sackton: and being nearby
1617****485: alright. How about seeker well-being?
Schwartz: Think like Wellbe feels about
Schwartz: human gods like
Schwartz: it. Just it doesn't make sense like he has a lot of, you know, respect and appreciation. And like that's important to him.  but it's it's like.
Schwartz: it's just sort of. It's some of that weird human nonsense like there are some things about.
Schwartz: I think he doesn't wear it as overtly as deal with does where else do in general. But it's just sort of like, oh, okay, this is some weird human stuff. I also think he probably saw this as a kid in Toland. And so there's not a sense of like, Oh, I really wanna go check this out. So
Schwartz: I wonder? II think maybe like days like this sort of become like de facto halfling community days, because there's not really any human trade or business to be done.
Schwartz: That's a time when everyone just kind of hangs out together. And I think that's what he's doing and like catching up with relatives and just trading stories about. you know, consulting with some of the people who he told the story to, and hearing, you know, like some of it put, you know, to better verse by this point.
Schwartz: It's when the halflings go to the dwarfish restaurants.
1617****485: Yes, like please food on Christmas.
Schwartz: Totally. Totally.
Schwartz: I also think, like, when halflings get together like that, they just tell lots of stories. And so it's, you know, the whole day is just people telling different different stories and
Schwartz: of things that are big and old stories, and also just like really inconsequential stuff that just makes for a good story. Anyways.
Schwartz: I think that's what his day is
1617****485: about.
1617****485: speaker and Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker has a kind of like abstract intellectual curiosity about religion. He was never religious growing up. But
Eric Rosenbaum: now he sort of suspects that there's some
Eric Rosenbaum: some role for divinity in the bigger picture. But he's trying to
Eric Rosenbaum: elucidate about how magical power ends. Planar connections, all work. So he's just like curious to observe
Eric Rosenbaum: religious ritual. And then like kind of spy on it to see like what's actually going on there. Is there magic happening?
Eric Rosenbaum: Why do people do this stuff?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  so Kenza Kenza basically spends the day with Iskra cause he thinks that it would be better to learn about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of the toll in tradition from from her perspective, because he's, you know, it's like he grew up with all like a lot of similar things in Chardon, but I think over time. He's moderated as in a sense that you know his. His real beef was with the Chardonnian elites, and to the extent that, like rituals like this were like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: were used by the elites to just, you know, kind of mask their bullshit, or whatever you know, he's he's he's much more. He realizes, of course, that there's actual role. You know, ways in which spiritual spiritual connection is important for communities, and so on. So he he kind of lets Iskra like guide him and show him the the various kind of traditions that she cares about, and that the scar interested in, and sort of just that learning from her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and and yeah. Then also hanging out with his his friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lady, friend, friend, person.
1617****485: Okay. So so the day passes. All you in your separate pursuits.  Well, be the
disappears to, you know. Hang out with this half-link community reconnect with people spend the day telling stories, and and. you know.
1617****485: passing tales.
But also, you know, you haven't really had a lot of time just to.
1617****485: you know. Meet up with all the people, you know. You know a lot of people in Manhattan community.
you know. It's
1617****485: end of December right? It's not the best time of year for
ship photo have to do sale at all times, but there's, you know, an unusual concentration of toppling shipped in court as well. So there's. you know, piece
people from your seafaring days that you can read. You know you're reconnecting with your family your like close family, of course, have moved on and doesn't like past your tone anymore. But there's plenty of people that
1617****485: you know that. Well, we just hasn't had a long time to connect with
1617****485:  So the lobby's gone, and and Kendra's
gone as well with Iska, who is herself also an outsider right? Who. you know, worship. Kaquilla's the Scar Ocean God, and completely unrelated to this festival. But is that she has a very
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, nice
1617****485: yeah. So she has a very, you know.
outsider's perspective on the whole thing right? And and then, you know, she she actually doesn't.
1617****485: and she appreciates the kind of
she conceptually appreciates the idea of this festival. but she usually doesn't participate much because she finds that  The way she described it to you is that, like most of the time, like.
you know, on just a normal day in Poland, like, you know, she walks around, and she can almost like feel the the like
1617****485: of the ocean from her like
teardrop, necklace, and and just kind of in the background to all kinds. Just this like
1617****485: it's like she can, you know. She can sense what tide it is like. She has this
1617****485: connection, but
on these festival days there's so many people praying for the wordmen. There's so many prayers, crossings
1617****485: pull in that it almost feels
Ikea feel muted like it feels sergeant doesn't really like leave a temple on days.
1617****485: So it says a lot. you know, talking about this, and like being an outsider and kind of
1617****485: you know the times when, when being a
1617****485: there in a place like Poland, which was like the temple was is built here because this was a scarcity one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? It was found by the scare. Hmm! Oh, so she! So they're like colonized, and she's indigenous.
1617****485: Well, it's a little more complicated than that, because.
1617****485: yeah, it's a little more complicated than that. It's more like it's more like how
how London was originally a Roman city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. Okay.
1617****485:  but
1617****485:  right. So the scare it was. It was mostly abandoned by the scare. In fact, the rumor.
whether you believe it or not, is that there was a period of time when the only people living in Poland where the philosopher's beloved
1617****485: like 100 years, but it was just the philosophers going. Nobody else. So Scar had abandoned it. Nobody else had resettled.
and then later, it gets resettled in ways from starting originally from like drankorians, but drankorian and scare kind of mixing together.
But that's the rumor, anyway, is that they were about the glue that caps the city in existence for a few 100 years.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm weird about that. Philosophers guilt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like it like they're all dragons definitely right, immortals, or something.
1617****485: You should join you should join and do that thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just takes 5 years. I mean.
Mike Sackton: you know, what else are we doing for? I mean this one still with a polyon right like.
So that's how Kenza spends the day.
1617****485: speaker kind of wanders around a bit, I guess. Just kind of you know.
observing a little bit, and like, it's the city is really quiet this time of this, you know, this afternoon and into the evening of this third day. Right you you have to send. A lot of people are like kind of in small family groups, right? And and as the fun begins to sink low in the sky.
You know, people start to come out to the squares, to the sort of open places
1617****485: a. And like there are, you know, the guild parties. Right? There's there's bonfires. There's actually this seems to be almost like an official city thing right where there's the like
the the you know the tolling guard right the same uniforms as the people who originally boarded your your ship when you first are like, you know, piling up law, you know logs in all these open squares right and
1617****485:  you know, people are
1617****485: beginning to gather right as as the bonfires are, are start to be made, and but people are just mostly just kind of sitting quietly right?
sometimes people throw things on the fire. and
1617****485: you know there's kind of a
1617****485: it. It all seems very foreign to seeker. I would think right like it's.
1617****485: you know, people sitting quietly by themselves in prayer.
1617****485: It's kind of staring into the fire right like there's no.
1617****485: there's no obvious magic, right? But you certainly get the sense that there is this kind of divine.
1617****485: I think to some parts you're buying blankets sort of live lightly over the looks like a fog just to wander them. It's kind of
experiencing it and and deal with, too. Right. Dallas is sort of
1617****485: praying or or not really praying exactly, but muning with talking, to taunting, and the the tante. Your your sense, as you sort of meditate in prayer deal with is
1617****485: to them. This is all very like
impersonal right, like the word link, is a much.
1617****485: What's to abstract divine force for the Taji to even really comprehend. Right like
this is.
1617****485: you know, this is like a thousand tons you all mixed up together, and some undifferentiated mess, right like from their perspective, the like divine being that's responsible for
1617****485: you know.
1617****485: dorms is not even one being right, like.
1617****485: you know, that would be 10 or 15 or 20, or some uncounted number of
just kind of minor divinities. Right? And then it's just one. And that's just one part of what they supposedly
1617****485: kind of are encompassing right? This just it almost seems like unimaginably
distance.
1617****485: not so different relationship that punch you have with, like. You know what they perceive as their sort of design. Source, right? Like what called Anita, in the which is the sort of
1617****485: true divinity right? That's that's the duality of our and molecular in the mosque, Newman, end that
during core engine, right? That.
1617****485: But you get this.
you're stunt from the country and the skills. It's very kind of
1617****485: range to them as well.
And so as you spend the day and into the evening, and these separate pursuits.
1617****485:  the festival ends
1617****485: year ends
1617****485: 1749. Dawn, January first.
1617****485: Now.
1617****485: like, really
1617****485: and months since, you met
1617****485: something like that. And
1617****485: so this is Thursday at the festival ads.
1617****485: you have. you know, a day. Basically, the
this is really a rest day, right? Like, not much. Still, most human shops are closed. I imagine a lot of this is like how that kind of New Year's Day Vibe. Right? Like a lot of people sleep in.
1617****485: you know. It's very much a rest day, right like. After 3 days of partying right. Everybody needs a little bit of
downtime and quiet before they return to to the real world and and their responsibilities.
1617****485: And again, I don't. I don't wanna necessarily take the time to like play out downtime, right? If there's anything specific you want to do
1617****485:  So so just like, are we going to Earth cause that we're going next? Where where are we going now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's talk about that.
1617****485: The
Eric Rosenbaum: echo of the whatever we're going there.
Schwartz: Are we doing that immediately, though, or are we going back first?
Mike Sackton: To be honest?
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should, in fact, stick to our original original plan. And just I appreciate your honest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait and go get. But we're so close to rise. Rise, rise another piece of rise, Jane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like right here.
Schwartz: Yeah. But like, if we go there. We're gonna be like, trapped in a dimensional hole or imprisoned by wizards like
Mike Sackton: it. It is not gonna go right? Right. Yeah, that's my. There's a lot to it, right? If
Mike Sackton: it sounds like showing up at the front door and asking is not a good idea.
Mike Sackton: right? It doesn't sound from what we've learned like the kind of place where, if you show up at the front door and ask around and seek out this group, they're gonna actually let you talk to them. There's no negotiation.
Mike Sackton: We went to the front door with Fausto, and look where that got us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well. We all also did the same approach. In we got the mix of terror. We revealed Fausto as an agent of you know, and and we also did the same thing. We also did that. We also did the thing with the same approach in the forest, and we got, you know, I mean, we we killed a dragon. We killed one of Shamut's dragons, and then we got a piece of rye that way, so
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Feels like it. It. It does seem like veteran 2 votes for front door
Mike Sackton: right? The front door seems ill-advised from literally every single person in to one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean the front back door. They told us that we just just come in from the north over the forest. But
Mike Sackton: there's no just about that. Right. Coming into the north through the forest is like weeks. We gotta, you know, befriend the can queue, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, figure out the way to go and deal with the ice monsters and kill the white dragon and blah blah blah! Blah! Blah! Right. I don't believe in the ice monsters.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This could be a whole bunch of fucking tales just to like, you know. Scare everybody away. We show up, and it's like a one adventure type of thing we pop in, get the jade jade piece, and then we leave, and that easy.
Mike Sackton: And, to be honest.
Mike Sackton: there's so many things I wanna search for out here we could from 500 feet in the air safely into earth. That's true. Don't we need to get all of the pieces of rye in the end to like finish trapping a polyon? Isn't that like? Don't we need them all, and we know where 2 of the other ones are. Wait, there's 4 total.
Mike Sackton: right?
1617****485: There's 5 total. You have 5,
Mike Sackton: 5 total. We have 2, and we know where to others, what one's at the bottom of the ocean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking canyon thing one is in Ersk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No wait. Why do we think once in the canyon thing isn't one in the ocean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then the third one Dimitar has and drank, probably right? Oh, yeah, it's in the jungle. So come on. We're so close. We know we need to get all of.
Mike Sackton: We're not. So here's my vote. I'm willing to be overruled. But here's my vote we
Mike Sackton: talk to. We talk to the alves. We stick to the plan of talking to the Alves, and we stop at the Elven Place on the way the Elven Oral or oral loss
Mike Sackton: on the way south, and learn everything we can about a polynomial from some old elf who no knew him right?
Mike Sackton: maybe, but probably not. We stop at the in single refugee place and try and see what's up with them, since that's kind of on our way, too.
Mike Sackton: Didn't hurt. Then we go back to
Mike Sackton: pick up Briswin
Mike Sackton: Kelgrosh
Mike Sackton: right and disperse the save.
Mike Sackton: We'll back. We'll back at Wubash and
Mike Sackton: like reestablish these, these, or, you know, basically help the Orcs recover a little bit.
Right?
Mike Sackton: Then we go on a wild goose chase for a while because we're not gonna be ready to go kill Fausto, which is really our next step for Apollo.
Mike Sackton: But we go hunting. We go find the 6 sites of this thing. We go to the Echo Realm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We go to the
Mike Sackton: to Ersk. We go to Ersk. We do all that stuff come back right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So so, Tim? Just like, you know, from a real calendar perspective. Is it like better to bring Kate back in sooner than later? Or does it kinda not matter. Do we have time to like up around? If you want to look around a little bit?
1617****485: From a real calendar perspective, I don't think it. I mean she liked him bathed some more, but like
1617****485: she's pretty low, you know. She's pretty even, you know.
easy going, and like it's fine.
Mike Sackton: Just from a meta perspective. I like the idea of being feeling less pressure to
Mike Sackton:  have a million things we're trying to do like just going to Ersk, I also want to go find the other 3
Mike Sackton: even things right. And I wanna go to the like. There's just enough things to do around here that I feel like it would be better if we had more time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you mean like time, in the sense that like brush is not like.
Mike Sackton: yeah, like it. It feels implausible at some point. I mean, we could info gather a little bit more. You know, we gotta talk to
Mike Sackton: Melinda. We have a few other things to do, but
Mike Sackton: it feels like
Mike Sackton: we should
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like like in game. Our characters would be like, Oh, fuck! Brisbane's like Brisbane's like no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like wait. Why did
Mike Sackton: oh, to destroy the artifact! Like we succeeded. We came. We came to Toland to destroy the artifact, and we did that right. So, like
Mike Sackton: both in character like deal with. If you actually, if I actually think about what deal with would want, he would be feeling anxious to go back
Mike Sackton: alright, alright, alright! And just from a meta perspective. We're gonna have another session in toll, and presumably, and then we'll have a session, or maybe half a session in toll and a session with the Alps, or something like that, and not saying, Don't get distracted right, but let's at least get distracted by stuff between here, and rather than in wildly different directions. But then
Mike Sackton: I actually think our next thing, as soon as we, as soon as we deal with Grush, as soon as he's gone.
Mike Sackton: Let's come back.
Mike Sackton: That's fine. Wait. And I think we're gonna be a little bit at Los Angeles, right? Tim could potentially put some pressure on us in some way by advancing the story in the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good to create some prices for us to respond to. Yeah. Well, the Civil War is gonna continue to unfold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys, I actually apologize. I have to go. My mom is, I need to go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go handle a mom related thing I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that sounds good to me I'm down with. I'm down with making our way back a garage that makes sense. I mean, it is like, yeah, we're all like kind of enjoying this fucking festival. And like she, there's like this undead. We're all just hanging out like hosting a party like. But I do think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we should. We should do some upgrades to the ship. We should actually get some of the people come on, and I mean, like we could spend another little bit of time info gathering. And like, I'm not saying, rush off immediately, like we probably shouldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: wander.
Eric Rosenbaum: We got our artist in residence. So that's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But please give me, I'll be. I gotta get check on my mom.
1617****485: Okay. so
go ahead.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I was just. I was hoping to wrap up
Mike Sackton: soon. I'm really, really tired. Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm
1617****485: I have like, 10 more minutes, Matt. That's our what 20,
23 more minutes like hard stopping
1617****485: ideally 10 min before that.
But I do want to know.
Conversation was very important.
1617****485: I've
figure out what I need to
1617****485:  and I will.
1617****485: Just so you're aware we'll play it.
I don't want to play it tonight. We can play it next session. The
1617****485: the edge of echo is, in fact, between Tolan and
1617****485: they're they're cut.
Mike Sackton: So it's kind of on the way. It's kind of on the way. That's kind of on the way.
Mike Sackton: I think the safe thing to do here is prep. I mean, I'm I'm
Mike Sackton: I think we will likely stop at any distraction on the way. That is not that we're not
1617****485: sort of, I assume.
I assume are in love. And
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: II would say, I mean the other things we want to do in to instill are.
Mike Sackton: I want to try and sell the get the philosophers skill to give us some info in exchange for items, and we want to talk to the Alf.
Mike Sackton: Right. and it wouldn't be bad to have a little bit of downtime just to like let
Mike Sackton: the stone born make some stuff she might not be able to make everything we want, but if she could make like one or 2 things, and then maybe we leave her behind, and we'll be back in a month, and she could make the rest then, or something.
1617****485: Yup.
Mike Sackton: and also the
and
Mike Sackton:  the right. That was the. And then our ship right? We want to spend. So like we'll probably spend. I don't know. We could easily spend another. We could, I think, realistically spend another week here, just regrouping getting.
Mike Sackton: But then I think our plan is to go to the elves.
Mike Sackton: the Echo Realm. If the Echo Realm is between here and and that works. I think we would very likely go to.
1617****485: Yeah. You're back
Mike Sackton: the edge of echoes
Mike Sackton: and a single way stuff we would probably, unless you like. drop slightly stronger hints that it's worth doing, we'd probably skip.
Mike Sackton: That could be another. We could right like. I don't know if you sent us a vision that Marcel is like in the refugee town, or something like that. And wants to tell us something. We'll go right like
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, what I was trying to say is, but I mean we could take out one here and there. We're not gonna like, go drag and hunting right? But I mean, presumably some of them are not even on this plane, right? Like we gotta go hunt things on other plates. But
Mike Sackton: meta-wise, I think we'd only go after the Sigway plot line if you dropped some sort of more compelling hint than it exists.
Mike Sackton: So if you don't want us to do it. So basically prep wise, prep the echo thing and prep the else.
1617****485: That's what I was figuring. I mean, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And that doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think. Well, I think we'll do those 2, and then we'll deal with Grosch, and then we're heading. I think, after we deal with Grosch.
Mike Sackton: we probably will come up, go to Ersk. And then. like we need to figure what's going on with the power of the ocean, so that we can learn to breathe water so that we can go to the to the Mermaid place. Right?
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should sacrifice things in all these places so that the demon will give us power over the
Mike Sackton: not really. But that'll probably be the other thing we do after garage.
1617****485: That makes sense.
1617****485: You on board with this totally on board.
Schwartz: Yeah.
1617****485: Okay. Alright great.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go to bed. Then. Yeah, I'm gonna go to bed, too. I'll just text Khan and say, Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: perfect cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was much happier to do this
1617****485: after flying home and flying home tomorrow. It's just gonna be.
Mike Sackton: It's just the Wi-fi was a bit annoying. But the phone worked. That was actually a good idea. Yeah.
1617****485: alright talk to you guys. Later.